 former nfler : 'your mind just goes crazy ' <sec> ronney jenkins says he 's dealt with cognitive issues since retiring from the nfl .  jenkins has attempted suicide twice and struggles with depression and rage .  cte is a dementia-like disease stemming from repeated head impacts .  jenkins says he is desperate for hel .
 arquette 's rallying cry unites hollywood <sec> arquette took to the stage and criticized the lack of gender equality in america .  data shows women are both underrepresented and underpaid in hollywood .  women took only 12 % of leading roles in hollywood last year .  women also underrepresented in minor roles , with age demographics still skewed towards the youn .
 top al qaeda militant dies in chechnya <sec> two al qaeda militants die on thursday after chechen security forces confront them .  chechen 's president says one of the militants was responsible for supplying armed groups in the region .  yusef muhammed al emirat is accused of being involved in nearly every suicide attack in the russian federation in recent years .  rebels in chechnya started out fighting for independenc .
 india , japan snuggle closer as china power grows <sec> india and japan have been in talks on expanded bilateral defense cooperation .  both asian powers have endured an uneasy relationship with china .  japan has long regarded india as a powerful counterweight to beijing 's strategic rise .  yet trade between china and japan dwarfs trade between tokyo and indi .
 2016 : a bush-clinton rematch ? <sec> it 's hard to understate the depth of the bush-clinton impact on american politics .  for 32 years , there was either a bush or a clinton in the white house or the cabinet .  a jeb bush-hillary clinton 2016 matchup would n't be the first time a bush faced a clinto .
 spider-man 's 'dad , ' stan lee , to get his hollywood star <sec> stan lee created spider-man , the fantastic four , x-men , iron man .  lee began his comic book career more than 70 years ago .  lee , 88 , is still writing new stories ; he says spider-man is his favorite creation .  the stan lee foundation focuses on youth education project .
 secret service officer charged with burglary attempt - cnnpolitics.com <sec> off-duty member of the uniformed division of secret service arrested friday .  police said he was charged with trying to break into a woman 's residenc .
 barry bonds ' obstruction conviction upheld <sec> evasive testimony sufficient for obstruction conviction , federal appeals court rules .  bonds was convicted for testimony he gave to a grand jury in 2003 .  the testimony in the balco probe involved bonds ' former personal trainer , greg anderson .  his attorneys argued that wording in the federal statute is unconstitutionally vagu .
 poland ready to tackle football hooligans <sec> poland will co-host euro 2012 football tournament with ukraine next year .  organizers are beefing up security arrangements to counter violent incidents .  new stadia have been built and plans to use face-recognition technolog .
 if the white house were like iceland 's ( opinion ) <sec> iceland 's presidential residence does n't have a fence or apparent guards .  john sutter talks with a magazine editor who visited the residence .  sutter : the u.s. should n't turn the white house into a fortress .  some have suggested making its fence taller or creating a secure perimete .
 next step : keeping anti-isis coalition <sec> top american generals and diplomats are headed for arab countries .  the anti-isis coalition depends on cooperation from arab nations .  the united kingdom and other western nations joined the anti-isis coalition friday .  the white house says more than 50 countries are contributing to effor .
 benitez 's chelsea delivers sucker punch to manchester united 's double hopes <sec> chelsea beat manchester united 1-0 in fa cup quarterfinal replay .  demba ba volley ends manchester united 's double hopes .  chelsea still have chance to win two trophies - fa cup and europa leagu .
 police : ohio brothers , 9 and 12 , found dead at grandparents ' house <sec> new : police identify the pair , say they 're not looking for anyone else in the case .  new : the boys were shot in an upstairs bedroom , police say .  the boys were found in in jackson , ohio .  it 's unclear whether there was anyone else at the hom .
 the reality behind the real id act <sec> act will require states to begin issuing new federal licenses by may 11 , 2008 .  states can request an extension to january 1 , 2010 .  those in noncompliant states will have to use passports for `` federal purposes .
 brain-twitter project offers hope to paralyzed patients <sec> doctoral student develops a way to post messages on twitter using mind .  brain-computer interface uses electrical impulses generated by thought .  twitter simpler than e-mail , and format is good fit for new technology , prof says .  development could be a lifeline for people with paralysis , `` locked-in '' syndrom .
 new no . 1 sharapova on verge of career grand slam at french open <sec> maria sharapova beats petra kvitova to reach french open final for first time .  russian will rise to world no . .  1 in the new rankings issued next week .  she will be trying to complete a collection of all four grand slam titles .  sara errani beats sam stosur to give italy third successive final appearanc .
 this week on marketplace middle east <sec> the imf estimates morocco 's unemployment figures at 9 % this year .  morocco 's proximity to europe combined with global shipping options could be the solution .  mme talks with palestinian entrepreneur zahi khouri about doing business in the west ban .
 virtual reality : the next frontier in gaming <sec> makers of virtual-reality headsets say that games , not consoles will drive the vr experience .  sony and oculus are the two early leaders in developing vr systems .  reps from both companies demoed their headsets at e3 , the gaming sho .
 florida could soon overtake new york as no . 3 in population <sec> new york could soon trail florida in population .  florida 's growth stems mostly from newcomers looking for work .  florida could gain congressional seats , new york could lose som .
 indian communities face daily struggle for clean water <sec> indian authorities say the country is facing `` water stress '' .  india has 18 % of the world 's population but only 4 % of the world 's renewable water sources .  demand for drinking water is growing , but pollution and leaks are depleting supplies .  many communities rely on standpipes and water tanker .
 operator ordered to sell british airports <sec> uk airport operator baa told to sell 3 of its 7 airports , including two in london .  britain 's competition watchdog said sale of airports will encourage competition .  baa must sell airports in sequence , beginning with gatwick then stanste .
 syrian deserters strike military target <sec> free syrian army says it knows of no casualties in assault on government complex .  `` it opens up a new era of the conflict , '' a scholar says .  a turkish diplomat says `` helping hands '' to syria have been wasted .  more deaths are reported in syria on wednesda .
 new york cosmos : reawakened in the city that never sleeps <sec> the new york cosmos return for the first time in 30 years on saturday .  a team including pele , franz beckenbauer and carlos alberto shone in the 1970s .  the cosmos drew crowds in excess of 70,000 to giants stadium .  the cosmos ' first match is against the fort lauderdale striker .
 astronauts relocate after false alarm <sec> the scare was a false alarm , nasa says .  the u.s. astronauts are safe , nasa say .
 the endless gop audition for president <sec> borger : republicans want a very conservative candidate , but one who can win .  she says bachmann , perry , cain all have flamed out as conservative standard-bearers .  now newt gingrich is the favorite , but he has a lot of baggage , she says .  borger : romney is showing signs of irritation at the long auditio .
 11 people disappear from mexico city bar ; relatives seek answers <sec> 11 young people go missing from mexico city bar on may 26 in broad daylight .  relatives say they were told their loved ones were kidnapped .  district attorney , mayor say there 's no evidence of foul play and are investigating .  in may , malcolm x grandson malcolm shabazz was killed at another mexico city ba .
 do 's and don'ts for diy skin care <sec> honey , olive oil and tea are great pantry products for your skin , dermatologist doris day says .  citrus and spices can irritate skin , the `` forget the facelift '' author says .  salt , sugar and baking soda are effective exfoliants , day say .
 clinton 's new job : persuading diehard fans to back obama <sec> some of clinton 's 18 million voters are hesitant to back obama .  obama 's web site urges visitors to thank clinton for supporting his campaign .  clinton on saturday suspended her campaign ; endorsed obama .  mixed feelings among democrats whether a joint ticket is a good ide .
 agents conduct sweep for puerto rican gang <sec> new : the suspects are accused of selling cocaine , marijuana , heroin and oxycodone .  the target is the calle cuatro gang .  as of thursday afternoon , 43 alleged gang members are under arrest .  more than 600 agents and officers participate in the rai .
 school bus wreck kills child and driver in indianapolis <sec> ten other children are injured , two critically , fire department says .  witnesses report nothing unsual before the bus wreck in indianapolis .  an investigation is under wa .
 the covert birth of apple 's next santa monica store <sec> apple is opening a new retail store next year in santa monica , california , sources say .  apple and its contractors have declined to say whether the store is coming .  sources : apple rushed the store through the city approval process anonymously .  real estate executive : `` something is going on there that does n't sound right .
 south koreans pay respects to kim jong il <sec> new : kim jong un greets the civilian delegation .  the group is led by a former first lady and the widow of an industrial tycoon .  the visit comes at a delicate point in relations between the two koreas .  pyongyang announced kim jong il 's death on december 19 , putting the region on edg .
 isis blows up iraqi army hq in battle for ramadi <sec> iraqi forces bombard the small part of tikrit where isis fighters are holding out .  sunni village leader lauds shiite military : `` isis would have slaughtered us '' if not for them .  over 40 iraqi soldiers killed when isis blew up the army hq in ramadi , an official say .
 gorges stuns wozniacki in stuttgart final <sec> germany 's julia gorges beats denmark 's caroline wozniacki in stuttgart final .  second career title means the german moves into the top 30 for first time in career .  gorges is first home winner of the event since anke huber in 1994 .  italy 's alberta brianti clinches her first wta tour title at fes grand prix in morocc .
 police : domestic dispute starts shootout that kills 5 near seattle <sec> new : shooting in federal way , washington , began with domestic dispute , police say .  new : gunman killed four people before being fatally shot by police .  new : ties between gunman , three of the victims are unclear , police chief says .  shots were still being fired when officers arrived , police spokeswoman say .
 alabama professor 's lawyer regrets calling her 'wacko ' <sec> there 's `` something wrong with this lady , '' attorney roy miller says .  lawyer told reporters he regrets calling client amy bishop `` wacko '' .  bishop charged with murder in killings of three university of alabama colleagues .  she allegedly opened fire at faculty meeting last wee .
 muslim women uncover myths about the hijab <sec> the hijab is the head scarf worn by muslim women .  wearing one as a muslim teenager in the u.s. may offer challenges .  some wearers say they get strange looks and sometimes angry remarks .  but those who voluntarily wear it say it can help them in their faith and teen lif .
 indian 'witch ' tied to tree , beaten by mob <sec> indian woman accused of being witch is tied to a tree and beaten by a mob .  journalist filmed incident , aired on friday , and then called the police .  police say woman 's hair partially cut and she was slapped , but no serious injuries .  six arrested , including the man who admitted to hiring her services as a witc .
 excerpt : finding a wife for anwar al-awlaki <sec> morten storm was a double agent for the cia .  he says anwar al-awlaki asked him to find the terrorist a wife .  morten storm met the woman who would become al-awlaki 's wife through facebook .  for more on his story , watch cnn at 9 p.m . .  et tuesda .
 mickelson ends drought in europe <sec> phil mickelson wins the scottish open in a playoff over south african branden grace .  mickelson wins his first individual event in europe in 20 years .  scandinavians jb hansen and henrik stenson finish two shots behind mickelson and grac .
 ups identifies pilots killed in plane crash in united arab emirates <sec> the plane crashes near dubai international airport shortly after takeoff .  the cause of the crash remains unclear .  a uae aviation authority will lead the investigatio .
 rebels advance in central african republic <sec> new : an air france flight turns around en route to central african republic .  united nations is temporarily relocating nonessential staff .  the u.s. state department warns against all but essential travel outside the capital .  french president hollande orders troops to protect the embassy in bangu .
 world cup final : germany , argentina face off <sec> argentina and germany have met in the world cup finals twice before .  germany demolished host country brazil in a 7-1 rout to get to the final .  argentina defeated the netherlands 4-2 after a penalty shootout to earn its spo .
 high court upholds lethal injection method <sec> 7-2 ruling , upheld kentucky 's use of lethal injection `` cocktail '' is constitutional .  high court said method -- used in some 35 states -- is not `` cruel or unusual '' .  the immediate impact of ruling is that it will allow states to resume executions .  recent lethal injection executions in florida and ohio had technical problem .
 best friends lose nearly 300 pounds together <sec> anne moyer and diane ritchie helped each other shed 281 pounds .  ritchie used the south beach diet , while moyer relied on the myfitnesspal app .  ritchie 's husband sent their story to cnn ireport .  got an `` aha weight loss '' story ? .  share it her .
 death cab for cutie moved by the music <sec> death cab for cutie , the grammy-nominated indie band , has a new ep .  chris walla and nick harmer discuss the music , their moods and bands they like .  harmer : `` bittersweet qualities of life '' and not `` dark brooding '' drive songs .  walla on activism : `` you ca n't do everything all the time . .  ... not everybody can be bono .
 kendrick johnson 's parents file $ 100 million lawsuit <sec> kendrick johnson , 17 , was found dead in 2013 in an old rolled gym mat .  `` we know who killed him . .  we just have to prove it , '' says mother jacquelyn johnson .  attorneys accuse two brothers and their father , who is a local fbi agent , of wrongful deat .
 why i would n't break up a school fight <sec> a florida bus driver was criticized for failing to stop a teen beating .  teacher robyn barberry says school workers should n't always intervene .  `` teachers i know are mainly qualified to fight ignorance , '' barberry says .  barberry : `` the most responsible action can be protecting yourself so you can care for others .
 nun , two others face decades in prison for nuclear site breach <sec> three peace activists have been convicted of trespassing , defacing a nuclear weapons site .  the incident last year took place at the y-12 facility in oak ridge , tennessee .  they could face 30 years in prison , according to cnn affiliate wate-t .
 q & a : can carbon labeling work ? <sec> food and climate expert tara garnett talks to cnn about carbon labeling .  garnett : low carbon foods not answer ; we need to reduce `` high impact foods '' in diet .  garnett : carbon labeling not always clear for consumers but good for manufacturer .
 carjacking victim recalls differing demeanors of bombing suspects <sec> driver provides his account of boston-area carjacking .  he details behavior of the tsarnaev brothers .  older brother asked danny about his heritage .  incident followed boston marathon bombing .
 francis ford coppola on lucas , an 'ambitious ' new movie , and his box set <sec> five of five of coppola 's films are being released as a blu-ray box set .  he says george lucas `` is like a kid brother to me '' .  coppola says no to anymore sequel .
 colombia 's santos says government , rebels in talks <sec> new : the two sides have reached a `` hurting stalemate , '' says an analyst .  colombian president juan manuel santos vows to avoid the mistakes of the past .  previous peace talks fell apart more than a decade ago .  the farc has been at war with the government since the 1960 .
 isaac poised for gulf landfall near katrina anniversary <sec> new : isaac continues path toward southern louisiana .  storm could dump 18 inches of rain in some areas .  current projections show the storm making landfall tuesday night or wednesday morning near new orleans .  the storm could be a category 2 hurricane with 100 mph winds by the .
 judge : fdny minority hiring practices will be monitored <sec> official monitor will oversee fdny hiring practices , federal judge rules .  monitoring will be in place for at least 10 years , judge nicholas garaufis says .  mayor michael bloomberg defends his record for improving minority recruiting .  however , garaufis says testing and hiring procedures are discriminator .
 opinion : urban poverty , in black and white <sec> authors : `` urban poor '' is not just black men , single moms ; many whites fit the category .  for 25 years , authors studied poor children through their adulthood in baltimore .  authors : hardly any poor children , black or white , went on to finish college .  they say white privilege won out as they got more and better-paying job .
 7 fabulous steamboats around the united states <sec> once a popular form of transportation , few steamboats cruise the waters today .  kentucky 's belle of louisville and maine 's katahdin celebrate big birthdays this year .  there are newer steamboats , including the american empress and miss belterr .
 cornyn : why i ca n't support hagel <sec> john cornyn : obama 's defense secretary nominee , chuck hagel , is wrong for the job .  his actions show he does n't grasp the magnitude of iran 's threat , cornyn says .  cornyn says hagel opposed iran sanctions , urged bush to hold talks .  cornyn : with hagel pick , obama has sent the worst message to allies and foe .
 love or country ? law means hard choices for gay couples <sec> the supreme court is poised to hand down a ruling on same-sex marriage .  because of doma , u.s. citizens can not sponsor same-sex partners for immigration .  30,000 same-sex couples are in the crosshairs of two national debates .  amendment to immigration reform bill would also bring relie .
 why do ncaa teams cut down the nets ? <sec> n.c. state coach everett case wanted a souvenir when he cut nets down in 1947 .  players hoisted their coach onto their shoulders as he did his snipping . .  david barrett composed `` one shining moment '' in 1986 after failing to woo a woman .  teddy pendergrass , luther vandross and jennifer hudson have sang the lyric .
 valencia lead trio of spanish clubs into europa league semis <sec> three spanish clubs in semifinals of europa league .  valencia beat az alkmaar 4-0 to go through 5-2 on aggregate .  athletic bilbao and atletico madrid also advance .  sporting lisbon represent portugal in last fou .
 pauline phillips , longtime dear abby advice columnist , dies at 94 <sec> new : `` there is always an answer , even if it 's ... you ca n't change anybody but yourself , '' she said .  pauline phillips was author of the dear abby column for decades .  she used the pen name abigail van buren .  in 2002 , she was diagnosed with alzheimer 's diseas .
 abbey road studios not for sale , owner says <sec> emi , the music label that owns studios , says it 's holding talks for revitalizing them .  composer andrew lloyd webber had expressed interest in buying studios .  beatles made studios famous with album `` abbey road '' .  much of britain 's best known music of 20 century has been recorded ther .
 fireworks and rock as czechs celebrate velvet revolution <sec> czech students take to the streets to mark 20th anniversary of fall of communist rule .  student clashes with police in 1989 triggered events that rid then-czechoslovakia of totalitarianism .  the march in 1989 was in memory of the students who perished under the nazi .
