 children 's museum employee distributed child porn , officials say <sec> robert a . .  singer is accused of e-mailing child porn to 12-year-old girl .  12-year-old girl was actually undercover new york city detective .  singer was identified in court document as national children 's museum spokesman .  washington museum officials say they are `` horrified '' by the charge .
 amirahmadi : setting the record straight <sec> iran 's guardian council has approved just 8 of more than 680 presidential hopefuls .  hooshang amirahmadi is a u.s.-based academic who campaigned as a candidate .  he says he was warned his campaign could lead to disorder and his safety was a concern .  amirahmadi waited until the last day of registration and then withdrew from the rac .
 claiming persecution , deaf immigrants seek u.s. asylum <sec> 60 deaf people , mostly from mexico , are seeking asylum in the u.s . .  they say their home governments persecute them , do n't educate them .  a major hurdle is that only one of the 60 has filed for asylum within deadline .  critic says some are `` trying to game the system '' to avoid deportatio .
 on twitter , roger ebert found a new voice <sec> when cancer stole his ability to speak , roger ebert went to twitter for `` zingers and one-liners '' .  analyst says ebert naturally understood the back-and-forth nature of social media .  he talked movies , but also debated issues from politics to religion on the site .  ebert felt `` incredibly fortunate '' to live in the internet age in his final year .
 ban , in iran , slams holocaust denial , hostility to israel <sec> new : ban calls denial of the holocaust `` outrageous '' .  new : he deplores racism toward israel .  khamenei also slams the u.n. security council .  `` peaceful use of nuclear energy is a right of every country , '' khamenei say .
 wild car chase ends with suspect shot to death near u.s. capitol - cnnpolitics.com <sec> investigation goes to new york city ; stamford , connecticut .  police say suspect , a woman , was shot and killed .  car chase began near white house and ended near the capitol .  a young child was in the suspect 's car and was later placed in protective custod .
 'giga galaxy zoom ' offers tour of milky way <sec> the 800-million-pixel panorama shows an edge-on view of the plane of our galaxy .  users can zoom in and tour destinations such as globular cluster omega centauri .  the image can be explored in magnificent detail , showing millions of individual stars .  the image is the first of three to be released as part of the gigagalaxy zoom projec .
 in mongolia , competition worth singing about <sec> naadam festival is held every july in mongolia .  competition 's events have origins in military , hunting training .  naadam in the most widely watched festival in mongoli .
 employee held in slaying at posh new york hotel <sec> lebanese native andree bejjani , 44 , found dead in condo saturday .  derrick praileau , 29 , faces second-degree murder charges .  police commissioner tells newspaper that praileau was housekeeping manager .  authorities have not revealed suspected motiv .
 at least 10 dead in two-town alabama shooting spree <sec> the gunman and the wife and child of a sheriff 's deputy among those killed .  gunman , ex-employee of reliable metal , turned weapon on himself , officials say .  slayings occur in samson and geneva , two small towns near florida border .  state senator : `` he was shooting at just ordinary people going about their business .
 pakistan 's refugee crisis fuels risk of spreading polio <sec> who warns pakistan 's growing refugee population at risk of polio .  the number of displaced could reach 600,000 in the northwest .  north waziristan , where the army is targeting militants , has the most cases .  polio is highly infectious and ca n't be cured , but is preventable with a vaccin .
 police chief abducted by muslim rebels in philippines is freed <sec> the local police chief was talking with rebels when he was abducted .  he re-emerges later , bringing with him 23 suspected rebels who surrendered .  authorities estimate that more than 100 people have been killed during the crisis .  the unrest in and around zamboanga city has displaced more than 80,000 peopl .
 'til death do us part : marriage destroyed by war <sec> 18-year-old newlywed ayat al-qassab was recently killed by rocket in syria .  ayat and her husband saw their marriage as act of defiance against al-assad .  her family considers her a marty .
 afghanistan blast kills at least 16 <sec> new : death toll in suicide car bombing rises to 16 ; 55 injured .  six italian soldiers , ten afghan civilians killed by car bomb , authorities say .  suicide car bomber targeted soldiers , defense minister says .  blast occurred in residential area near afghan supreme cour .
 uk introduces quantitative easing to aid economy <sec> bank of england 's monetary policy committee can create $ 207b on balance sheets .  quantitative easing was last introduced in a major economy in japan in 2001 .  uk government wants banks , financial institutions to start lending agai .
 football players at risk of high blood pressure <sec> death of thomas herrion has raised worries over the heart health of big players .  researchers looked at 504 active nfl players from 12 teams in 2007 .  players were less likely to smoke or have blood-sugar problems than other men .  nfl athletes are more likely to have prehypertension than other me .
 34-vehicle chain reaction pile-up snarls traffic in colorado <sec> 34 vehicles , including 4 semi-trailer trucks , were in a huge pile-up monday morning .  the accident was on interstate 25 between denver and colorado springs .  12 people were sent to hospitals , but police say none of the injuries are life-threatening .  it was snowing at the time of the acciden .
 chicago teachers ' strike is a test for democrats <sec> william bennett : chicago teachers last went on strike in 1987 , and schools were a mess .  little has improved , he says . .  dropout rate near 40 % ; students not proficient in math or reading .  teachers reject 16 % raise over 4 years despite system 's $ 665 million debt , he writes .  bennett : democrats should back emanuel in his bid to curtail teachers unio .
 keystone protesters have message for democrats <sec> anti-keystone protesters picketing on landrieu 's front yard could help landrieu in louisiana .  progressive activists at the protest said they were n't concerned about landrieu 's reelection prospects .  they were also sending a broader message to democrats considering pipeline support : do n't .
 evictions hit cambodia 's poor , group says <sec> cambodian human rights network releases report on forced evictions .  amnesty : evictions one of cambodia 's most serious human rights violations .  groups : mainly the rural poor affected ; people intimidated , harassed .  official : government committed to finding best solutions ; no forced eviction .
 couple cancels traditional wedding to give back to others <sec> mark and ismini svensson were planning a big wedding reception and honeymoon when they had a change of heart .  the new york couple is spending their wedding budget performing 50 acts of kindness -- one in each state .  they took to social media for suggestions and drove to each location .  they have visited 36 states and have 14 more to g .
 review : 'the muppets ' is a nostalgia trip for kidults <sec> `` the muppets '' is n't the best or the worst of kermit 's big-screen capers .  jason segel has n't given himself enough to do as gary .  miss piggy , in particular , is a pale shadow of the psychotic diva she used to b .
 justices reject appeals over body armor , unanimous verdicts , obama <sec> thomas and scalia dissent from rejection of appeal on felons owning body armor .  the supreme court turns aside a challenge to a law allowing less-than-unanimous guilty verdicts .  another appeal from a `` birther '' also is rejecte .
 the evolution of the nation 's 'first gay president ' - cnnpolitics.com <sec> president obama , `` the first gay president , '' zig-zags on gay marriage over time .  in 1996 , he endorses same-sex marriage in a survey .  but in 2011 , a white house adviser says someone else filled out that survey .  today , he is the first sitting president to endorse same-sex marriag .
 bombing over show about jewelry is just latest blow to free speech in india <sec> indian broadcaster puthiya thalaimurai drew protests for a show about traditional necklaces worn by married women .  this comes after india banned a film featuring a man imprisoned for a gang rape in south delhi .  `` there 's a growing intolerance towards different shades of opinion , '' a broadcasting company ceo say .
 7 tips for first time travelers to africa <sec> what should every new africa traveler ditch first ? .  their preconceptions .  it 's not scorching everywhere -- there are glaciers .  crocs and lions are n't the most lethal animals .  and you need n't have every virus shot in the boo .
 fish , olive oil , nuts good for eyes too , more studies find <sec> studies : consuming healthy fats reduce risk of age-related macular degeneration .  amd is the top cause of blindness among people over 65 living in developed world .  risk factors for amd are age , genes , and smoking .  study : people who ate the most trans fat had higher risk of am .
 ba passengers terrified by mistake emergency announcement <sec> the recording said the plane was making an emergency landing .  cabin crew immediately told passengers it had been a mistake .  it happened on a british airways flight between london and hong kon .
 questions abound after plane lands at wrong airport <sec> controllers learned plane had landed at the wrong airport when pilots radioed them , source says .  southwest says it does n't yet know why the jet landed seven miles from its intended airport .  the pilots have been removed from flying duty pending an investigation , southwest says .  taney county airport 's runway is much shorter than branson , where the jet was supposed to lan .
 berkeley to marines : you 're 'not welcome in our city ' <sec> berkeley , california , tells marine recruiters they 're `` not welcome in our city '' .  gop lawmakers introduce bill to take $ 2 million in federal funds from city .  protester says recruiters attract youth `` to go to iraq to kill and be killed '' .  veteran blasts city council , says marines are `` the best thing we have .
 more americans volunteering to help isis <sec> growing numbers of americans are attracted to isis .  more than 20,000 foreigners have gone to fight for isis , experts have told congres .
 war crimes prosecutors seek naomi campbell as witness <sec> prosecutors of charles taylor say supermodel got diamonds from former liberian president .  naomi campbell will not testify voluntarily , they say .  taylor faces war crimes charges in special court over brutal war in sierra leone .  he denies charge .
 court : contractor owes $ 5 million to u.s. soldier 's family <sec> federal court orders kuwaiti contractor to pay $ 5 million to soldier 's family .  lt. col. dominic `` rocky '' baragona died in iraq accident on may 19 , 2003 .  dad : `` they 're going to remember rocky 's name '' .  ruling comes at a time when congress is weighing contractor accountabilit .
 electronics to be scrutinized under new tsa measures <sec> new : `` our job is to ... try to anticipate the next attack , '' jeh johnson tells nbc .  tsa may require passengers en route to united states to turn on their electronics .  they want to make sure the devices work and are n't explosives .  it 's part of a series of new measures aimed at combating potential new threats oversea .
 battle over controversial international oil pipeline growing <sec> environmental groups say dangerous pipeline would go through sensitive land .  it would bring oil from canada 's tar sands to texas .  2-week sit-in in front of white house ended this weekend .  state department says it will decide by end of the yea .
 ryan giggs : fit , 40 and still firing <sec> manchester united midfielder ryan giggs celebrates 40th birthday on friday .  the welshman made his united debut in 1991 .  giggs is the most decorated player in english football history .  he has won 13 premier league titles and the european cup twic .
 25,000 people flee darfur refugee camp amid fighting , u.n. says <sec> new : `` it is a complex situation with multiple armed groups , '' says unamid spokesman .  all 25,000 inhabitants of the camp , which housed those displaced by conflict , have fled .  the violence started 10 days ago with attacks on an official and the kassab camp , u.n. says .  millions have been displaced and many killed in nine years of conflict in darfu .
 sarkozy wins french nato re-entry vote <sec> french national assembly backs president 's plan to rejoin nato .  president nicolas sarkozy 's plan is politically sensitive .  france was a founding member of nato but left in 1966 .  president charles de gaulle said in 1966 membership meant losing independenc .
 open skies for business <sec> open skies agreement lifts restrictions on transatlantic air services .  british airways and virgin will launch flights from european capitals .  business-only services set to expand across london airport .
 civil unrest damaging kenya 's economy <sec> kenya 's once-stable economy faltering due to violence following disputed election .  equity market on nairobi stock exchange lost $ 591 million on first day of 2008 .  business leaders say the government losing $ 29.5 million a day in revenues .  thriving tourist industry also hit , with british tour operators calling off flight .
 obama at concert : the dream of our founders will live on <sec> president-elect barack obama speaks at inaugural concert .  obama and vice president-elect joe biden visit tomb of unknowns .  the concert is being streamed live for free on hbo.co .
 massive naval power at heart of america 's look eastwards <sec> u.s. 7th fleet commander says his fleet gets the preponderance of the latest weapons .  vice admiral robert l. thomas says asia region is now the most important strategically .  the carrier strike group has been conducting exercises with japan amid tension with china .  thomas concedes threat to security no longer about vast opposing armies and navie .
 q & a ; : how did spanish nurse catch ebola ? <sec> spanish nursing assistant contracts ebola after treating seriously ill missionary in madrid .  dozens of hospital staff are now being monitored for signs of the potentially deadly virus .  experts say ebola can be contained by strict safety protocols and procedures .  wake-up call for medics : `` every hospital everywhere needs to be aware this could come to them .
 charles manson follower accused of smuggling phone to cult leader <sec> craig hammond , 63 , is a follower of charles manson and visits him often .  hammond is accused of trying to smuggle a wristwatch cell phone to manson .  manson is serving a life sentence for the 1969 slayings of sharon tate and eight others .  manson has been caught twice before with a cell phone in priso .
 ferrari 's alonso slams f1 testing rules <sec> ferrari 's fernando alonso criticizes formula one 's testing regulations .  the spaniard says it is like asking footballers to play with tennis balls .  current rules allow one three-day in-season test and a number of pre-season tests .  robert kubica suffers a broken leg after a fall at his home in ital .
 officials : suspected u.s. drone strike kills 17 in pakistan 's tribal region <sec> the strike occurred in the babar ziarat region between pakistan 's north and south waziristan .  pakistani intelligence officials say the drone fired 10 missiles , killing 17 people .  last week , a suspected u.s. drone strike killed a taliban commande .
 atari embraces new era of gaming <sec> atari has been synonymous with games and gaming since its founding in 1972 .  about five years ago , atari got away from developing to focus on publishing .  atari released `` atari 's greatest hits '' for the ios last yea .
 tiger woods to miss masters after back surgery <sec> tiger woods will miss the masters after back surgery .  the world no . .  1 had an operation on a pinched nerve .  the american has not missed the augusta national event since making his debut in 1995 .  woods has won the masters on four occasion .
 the delicate and mouth-watering art of world 's master easter egg maker <sec> elaborate chocolate easter eggs can take days to make .  chocolate artists must carefully watch the temperature of chocolate .  excess moisture makes it difficult for chocolate to harden properly .  pastry chefs say france 's history of gastronomy and catholicism make easter eggs importan .
 opinion : nsa secrets kill our trust <sec> bruce schneier : government officials lied to us that the state does n't collect our data .  schneier : it 's clear that we ca n't trust anything anyone says about the nsa programs .  he says corporations have gone along with government in hiding the truth from us .  schneier : too much secrecy has robbed people of their trust in governmen .
 madeleine peyroux looks deep inside <sec> madeleine peyroux 's new album , `` bare bones , '' is unflinching .  peyroux had alcoholic father , spent time in domestic violence shelter .  singer with smoky voice wants songs to be universa .
 bangkok faces worst flooding yet , governor warns <sec> new : bangkok 's governor warns of the highest water levels in next few days .  evacuations include 600 inmates at a prison , some animals from a zoo .  pm warns capital could be submerged by as much as 1.5 meters ( 4.9 feet ) .  authorities : floods have killed 373 people and affected more than 9.5 millio .
 arsenal stunned by fourth tier bradford city in league cup <sec> fourth tier bradford city stun arsenal as they reach league cup semifinals on penalties .  defeat of strong arsenal side means club 's quest for first trophy since 2005 continues .  aston villa come from behind to win at norwich and reach semis .  zlatan ibrahimovic fires a treble as psg rout valencienne .
 passengers livid as eurostar woes continue <sec> passengers angry as train services between england and france canceled for third day .  thousands stranded in england and france after services under english channel suspended since breakdowns friday .  company hopes to resume two-thirds service tuesday .  work under way to `` enhance snow screens , snow shields in power cars .
 overpaid movie actors ? forbes ' no . 1 is ... <sec> eddie murphy had the unenviable fate of taking second place .  nicolas cage 's `` trespass '' co-star nicole kidman also did n't fare well .  reese witherspoon and denzel washington rounded out the pack in fourth and fifth plac .
 fda panel urges hpv vaccine be given to boys <sec> committee says shots could prevent genital warts in males 9 to 26 .  vaccine 's maker claims studies show 90 percent less hpv-caused disease .  hpv common in both sexes , cdc says , but men develop fewer problems .  committee also favors cervarix , new vaccine from glaxosmithklin .
 bob bergdahl journeyed deep into afghan books , language to save son <sec> bob bergdahl , father of sgt . .  bowe bergdahl , grew a beard like an afghan villager 's .  he learned pashto to speak to his son 's captors from afar .  each morning , `` my first thought is , my son is still a prisoner of war , '' he tells outlet .  his immersion into the afghan mindset , however , has raised question .
 did croatia get lucky on eu membership ? <sec> croatia will be only the second ex-yugoslav country to join the eu after slovenia in 2004 .  croatia relies heavily on its adriatic coast to draw tourism and its state-run shipyards .  the country 's economic strife echoes the problems hitting southern european nation .
 isad : apple fans , tech world mourn steve jobs <sec> facebook and twitter users post `` rip , steve jobs '' .  apple is inviting people to email their memories and condolences .  flags are flying at half-staff at apple 's headquarters in cupertino , california .  the many websites devoted to apple rumors and products place large banners in memory of the company 's co-founde .
 ukraine says military jet downed , two copters hit <sec> new : pro-russian separatists hit two helicopters , ukranian military confirms .  new : a ukranian military jet also was struck on wednesday .  another ukrainian fighter jet was shot down on sunday .  ukraine continues a battle with pro-russian rebels in the country 's eas .
 do tunisian elections mark shift to 'post-modernised islam ' ? <sec> moderate islamist party ennahda wins plurality of votes in tunisia election .  adib-moghaddam : election signals shift from ideological islam to civic islam .  adib-moghaddam : time of one-man dictatorships in region is ove .
 opinion : summer 2014 , racial divides and ugliness in america <sec> errol louis says racial divisions in america were again exposed by the shooting of michael brown .  black americans lag behind when it comes to economic and educational opportunities , studies show .  even with a black president , suspicions of racial profiling will remain a live , lingering concern , says louis .  louis predicts more flashpoints like what happened in ferguso .
 plains and south brace for another winter storm <sec> snow forecast from the rockies into the mid-south by wednesday .  much of oklahoma is under a winter storm warning .  the latest storm follows last week 's historic weather syste .
 costa concordia righted after massive salvage effort off italy <sec> new : `` it was exactly as the plan said it would be , '' the senior salvage master says .  the costa concordia righted in `` perfect operation , '' the technical team 's chief says .  it 's a massive undertaking that had never been done with such a large ship .  two bodies are believed to be in or near the wreckag .
