 obama considering withdrawing all troops from afghanistan in 2014 <sec> new : pentagon spokesman : u.s. believes it can work through issues with afghanistan .  obama has grown increasingly frustrated in dealing with afghan president hamid karzai .  until now , officials had been discussing plans to keep a small force in the country .  if the u.s. pulls out all troops , it 'll be a situation similar to that in ira .
 iran bars reuters over ninja 'assassin ' error <sec> reuters runs a headline saying iran is training female ninja assassins .  it admits the headline is wrong and changes it .  iran revokes the press cards of 11 reuters staff in tehra .
 nyc doctor accused of filming up woman 's skirt <sec> doctor accused of using `` pen '' camera to record video up a woman 's skirt .  urologist adam levinson , 39 , charged with unlawful surveillance .  bail set at $ 5,000 cash , and he could get four years in prison , prosecutors said .  levinson 's attorney could not be reached for commen .
 suspect in 4 killings in west virginia dead <sec> police say suspect jody lee hunt is dead .  they gave no details about where he was located or how he died .  he is believed to have known the victims , police sa .
 bangkok scrap workers cut into live world war 2 bomb , kill seven <sec> suspected wwii-era aerial bomb explodes in bangkok neighborhood , killing seven .  bomb discovered on a construction site and moved to a scrapyard , where it was sold .  scrap workers detonated the bomb accidentally after cutting into it with a blowtorch .  wwii-era ordnance still discovered from time to time in asian citie .
 she 's 'indiana jones , mother teresa , susan sarandon ' to peru 's poor <sec> since 1993 , former tour guide has brought medical relief to some of peru 's poorest areas .  patty webster , volunteers have provided free health care to more than 55,000 people .  much of population lives in poverty ; many lack access to basic medical care .  do you know a hero ? .  nominations are open for 2010 cnn heroe .
 house passes bill to limit executive compensation <sec> new : house passes pay for performance act by 237-171 vote .  bill would allow geithner to define what constitutes reasonable compensation .  it would apply only to companies receiving federal bailout mone .
 puppy-throwing marine is removed from corps <sec> hawaii-based lance cpl . .  david motari is being `` processed for separation '' .  motari was seen on video tossing a puppy off a cliff while on patrol in iraq .  second marine , who filmed the incident , was also discipline .
 kelly : i know wife wants me to command shuttle <sec> new : `` i have every intention for ( giffords ) to be at the launch , '' kelly says .  astronaut mark kelly will command endeavour 's upcoming flight .  kelly 's shuttle mission is set to launch on april 19 .  nasa named backup commander for endeavour mission after kelly 's wife was sho .
 japan dissolves lower house of parliament , sets stage for election <sec> the dissolution of parliament follows a deal between japan 's two main political parties .  the move will result in general elections next month .  the governing party of prime minister noda is expected to lose seats in the election .  but the main opposition party may also struggle to form an outright majorit .
 photographer documents emptiness , silence of japan nuclear crisis <sec> photographer who documented the chernobyl disaster goes to japan .  donald weber gets inside the buffer zone around the damaged fukushima power plant .  vbs follows weber as he explores the `` eerily silent '' streets and empty home .
 'naked golfer ' leaves tiger in the shade <sec> henrik stenson creates a stir with 'striptease ' at top tournament in florida .  swedish star strips down to the bare essentials to play his ball out of the mud .  tactic works as he saves at least a shot and cards a three-under 6 .
 blake lively reveals she 's expecting <sec> blake lively appeared to announce she 's expecting on her website .  the actress shared a photo of herself cradling what looks like a baby bump .  this would be the first child for lively and husband ryan reynold .
 police probe possible magnotta link to hollywood killing <sec> university where dismembered victim studied sets up funds in his honor .  police are looking into possible ties between two grisly crimes .  luka rocco magnotta is suspected of killing and mutilating a chinese student .  hervey medellin was killed and dismembered in los angele .
 van der sloot : i 've 'misused ' holloway case 'for my own advantage ' <sec> in an interview , van der sloot expresses remorse for his behavior .  he describes himself as `` impulsive '' .  an attorney for holloway 's mother says his remarks are familiar .  van der sloot would n't talk about the stephany flores cas .
 opinion : the real enemy in london hacking death <sec> frida ghitis : we want to believe hacking suspects are crazy to explain the atrocity .  ghitis : but it appears , as it has so often , radical islamist ideology fueled attack .  islam , muslims or terrorism are not the enemy , she says . .  it is this murderous ideology .  ghitis : we need campaigns in muslim communities everywhere against its appea .
 fa takes england captaincy from terry <sec> english fa decides that john terry should not be england skipper ahead of his court case .  terry faces charges of racially abusing an opponent while playing for chelsea last year .  he will still be able to play for england at the euro 2012 finals before the hearing begins .  chelsea 's manager says the 31-year-old defender will remain captain of the london clu .
 solar cell phones take off in developing nations <sec> solar cell phone launched in kenya this month , retailing at $ 35 per handset .  country has one of the most vibrant cell phone markets but has energy rationing .  safaricom expects its initial supply of 100,000 solar phones to sell out .  samsung launched its solar cell phone in india in jun .
 free car for man mistaken for fugitive eric frein <sec> james tully says he 's been stopped more than 20 times in manhunt for accused killer .  tully walks 5 miles to work and back each day because he has no car .  members of community start online campaign to raise money to buy him ca .
 'star wars ' episodes ii and iii in 3-d delayed <sec> `` we will now focus 100 % of our efforts on 'star wars : episode vii , ' `` lucasfilm says .  the revised 3-d release plans will be announced `` at a later date '' .  `` star wars : episode vii '' is set for release in 201 .
 failed celebrity relationships -- what we can learn <sec> there were more celebrity breakups in 2009 than there were deaths .  one lesson : you are n't going to love the same guy at 30 that you did at 13 .  sometimes a size gap ca n't be overcome , writer learns from christina ricc .
 south korea asks for trust ; north agrees , lets families have reunions <sec> u.n. leader urges countries to advance high-level engagement .  both sides will cut the harsh rhetoric , a south korean official says .  south korea asked the north for trust in handling a poignant issue that divides them .  the north agreed , and made a gesture of good will to back it u .
 do n't underestimate bernie sanders <sec> jay parini : bernie sanders , who is running for president , is a liberal long shot , but he 's also a populist truth-teller who speaks without fear .  he says the vermont senator could help move hillary clinton to left on progressive issue .
 can 30-second tv ads survive in a digital age ? <sec> uk has seen more advertising money spent on the internet rather than tv .  academic says television is still dominant form of advertising in developing world .  industry experts says digital era has raised tv advertising 's gam .
 sudan elections flawed , but a first step , observers say <sec> carter center : `` it is apparent that the elections will fall sort of meeting international standards '' .  eu agency monitoring elections said vote paves way for democratic progress .  counting of ballots began friday in sudan , nearly a week after voting began .  opposition parties accused the ruling national congress party of frau .
 twitter fights court order for user 's data <sec> twitter fights court order to hand over user 's data .  district attorney wants information on a member of the occupy wall street movement .  site says the court would need a search warrant , that users own their content .  aclu calls twitter 's move to fight it `` a big deal .
 about muslim in 2010 <sec> for four weeks during ramadan cnn looks at what it means to be muslim today .  correspondents all over the world will be telling compelling stories about modern muslims .  online we ask some of the top thinkers in the islamic world to comment on tough issue .
 al-assad blames foreigners for civil war ; says he will not go <sec> new : 83 killed in fighting friday , rebel group says .  bashar al-assad blames `` foreign powers '' for civil war .  embattled president says he will not give up .  syria 's civil war has claimed some 70,000 live .
 opinion : fight for gay rights must continue <sec> the u.s. supreme court rules on two same-sex marriage cases .  john sutter : fight for lesbian , gay , bisexual and transgender equality is far from over .  he waits for news on court 's rulings with a group of homeless lgbt people .  a 24-year-old : `` they expect people to lie down and take this and give up ? .
 driver says he did not see american activist <sec> american rachel corrie was killed in 2003 after a bulldozer crushed her .  the driver of the bulldozer testified from behind a protective screen .  a family spokeswoman said the driver showed no remorse .  corrie was protesting israelis tearing down palestinian home .
 obama to reverse embryonic stem cell ban <sec> new : critic says move is `` a slap in the face '' to many americans .  bush-era policy on stem cell research to be reversed , officials say .  officials say the administration is planning a monday event at the white hous .
 captain america , thought dead , comes back to life <sec> captain america being resurrected ; superhero was killed off over two years ago .  recent issues of marvel comics shed light on plot behind superhero 's death .  `` it just feels like the right time , '' says marvel comics edito .
 report reveals where world 's richest live <sec> for the world 's wealthy elite , classic cars are the most popular collectible asset with a 395 % rise over 10 years .  the total number of super-rich -- defined as those with $ 30 million or more in assets -- grew by almost 5 % in 2012 .  the wealth report by knight frank shows jakarta and bali recorded the highest growth of luxury propert .
 u.s. considers air evacuation of refugees in iraq <sec> washington is looking at options for evacuating yazidi refugees .  one focus is an air operation , but a ground one is also being discussed .  air operation would require some u.s. troops on the ground , official says .  additional u.s. military advisers arrive in northern iraq to assess the situation ther .
 armstrong 's bike stolen at california race <sec> lance armstrong 's one-of-a-kind bicycle stolen from team truck in california .  four bicycles stolen from truck armstrong 's astana team parked behind hotel .  cancer survivor armstrong is currently fifth overall in amgen tour of california .  armstrong won the tour de france a record seven times from 1999-200 .
 japan economy takes a record fall <sec> japan 's gdp fell 4 percent last quarter , the fastest pace on record . .  first quarter gdp was 15.4 percent lower than the same time period last year .  this was the fourth straight quarter the japanese economy contracte .
 world champion lorenzo in 200 kmh crash <sec> jorge lorenzo kept in hospital following high-speed crash .  spaniard will miss weekend 's dutch motogp after suffering fractured wrist .  doctor confirms lorenzo will be flown to barcelona this weekend for surgery .  yamaha rider had won his previous two races in spain and ital .
 cuban president vows to defend socialism <sec> cuba 's raul castro says those expecting political change `` doomed to fail '' .  castro says he was elected to `` maintain and continue perfecting socialism '' .  castro also says he 's willing to enter dialogue with united state .
 bahrain on the boil : why ca n't f1 learn from its mistakes ? <sec> sunday 's bahrain grand prix will take place amid a backdrop of anti-government protests .  the formula one race was canceled last year due to a civil uprising in the gulf island .  the situation mirrors what happened in 1985 with a race in apartheid-era south africa .  foster : f1 chief is wrong when he says that sport and politics do not mi .
 would scottish 'yes ' be just the start ? ( opinion ) <sec> scotland will vote in a referendum next week on whether to become independent .  decision could have huge consequences , especially within europe , says frida ghitis .  ghitis : independence comes down to more than economics .  scottish `` yes '' vote could trigger a wave of separatist tension in europe and beyond , ghitis say .
 survivors of ugandan helicopter crashes sought in kenya <sec> a ugandan commander says 21 people are accounted for ; seven are missing .  rescuers found items arranged at one of the crash sites , indicating survivors .  three helicopters came down on the side of mount kenya sunday .  the survivors may encounter tough conditions in the remote and rugged are .
 arson attacks disrupt german rail traffic <sec> new : germany 's railway operator is offering a reward for information in the case .  no one has been hurt in the explosions , police say .  a previously unknown group claims responsibility .  the group is opposed to germany 's presence in afghanista .
 a mother 's campaign will take son 's ashes into space <sec> a mother 's plea for help scattering son 's ashes will deliver remains to space .  her facebook campaign became an international effort .  c.j . .  twomey 's ashes are spread from the grand canyon to australia .  many participants have been affected by suicide or have outlived their childre .
 female soldier missing , home burned <sec> new : missing soldier 's family : you can hardly believe that it could happen to you .  she said in court filing her husband threatened her , wral reports .  authorities were called to fire at 2nd lt. holley wimunc 's apartment thursday .  fire , apparently arson , had gone out , but wimunc was missing , police sa .
 virus found in fake android version of 'angry birds : space ' <sec> fake `` angry birds : space '' versions may contain dangerous malware .  security analyst says fake versions were found in unofficial android stores .  `` angry birds : space '' was downloaded 10 million times in three day .
 murder trial starts next week for chinese politician 's wife , friend says <sec> the trial of gu kailai is expected to begin thursday .  gu and a family aide are accused in the murder of a british businessman .  she is the wife of disgraced communist party figure bo xila .
 mammogram guidelines would have missed amy robach 's cancer <sec> robach is 40 ; federal guidelines recommend yearly checks at 50 .  her cancer was found in an on-air mammogram .  women should make their own decisions about when to start screenin .
 5 alternative medicine treatments that work <sec> a number of alternative medical practices have solid science behind them .  acupuncture highly recommended for pain , nausea .  research mixed , but st. john 's wort viewed as worth a try for depressio .
 gaming star lara croft is back -- but not as you know her <sec> thirty million copies of tomb raider had been sold before the launch of the new tomb raider on march 4 .  livingstone likes to point out the uk games and graphics business is bigger than the film industry .  for a generation , video games had been 2-d worlds with the action moving across the screen , writes boulde .
 school attorney : others in surveillance footage of gym mat death case <sec> kendrick johnson , 17 , suffocated in gym mat , officials say .  surveillance footage captured kendrick in the gym .  a cnn open records request asked if others were present in surveillance footage .  school attorney acknowledges footage shows others in the gy .
 red bull appeal daniel ricciardo disqualification <sec> red bull appeals daniel ricciardo 's disqualification from the australian grand prix .  ricciardo initially finished the race in second position .  the australian 's car was found to have exceeded the sport 's `` fuel-flow '' limit .  ricciardo was making his debut for red bull at his home rac .
 short game : golf gets snappy <sec> the inaugural pearls golf premier league took place in india last month .  eight franchises were pitted together in a cut down version of the sport .  the format is similar to cricket 's indian premier league , which was launched in 2008 .  major winners angel cabrera and darren clarke were paid $ 55,000 to play in golf premier leagu .
 milito double as inter milan crowned champions of europe <sec> diego milito scores twice as inter milan beat bayern munich 2-0 in champions league final .  victory gives inter historic treble having won serie a and italian cup .  jose mourinho is only third coach to win europe 's top club competition with two clubs .  mourinho set to leave inter to take charge of spanish giants real madri .
 still spinnin ' : america 's classic record stores <sec> saturday is record store day , celebrated at music stores around the world .  many stores will host live performances , drawings and special sales of rare viny .
 actor james whitmore dies <sec> actor known for one-man stage portrayals of truman , will rogers , teddy roosevelt .  he had memorable roles in `` twilight zone , '' `` shawshank redemption '' .  whitmore appeared in several television westerns .  he won tony , golden globe , emmy and was nominated for osca .
 appeals court hearings now going live and online <sec> 9th circuit u.s. court of appeals has been a technology leader .  the court will provide live streaming video for some of its oral arguments .  the u.s. supreme court has been reluctant to take such step .
 study : tablet users are rich , educated , news-loving <sec> a new pew study explores how people use tablets to get news .  tablet users tend to be wealthier and better educated .  about half ( 53 % ) of respondents get news on their tablet every da .
 australian crocodile elvis sinks teeth into lawnmower <sec> saltwater crocodile elvis is the largest in new south wales , the reptile park says .  the croc grabbed the lawnmower while keepers were cutting grass in his enclosure .  he reportedly joined the reptile park in 2008 after becoming a nuisance in darwin harbor .  the creature 's teeth measure up to 9 centimeters ( 3.5 inches ) in lengt .
 jet downing a 'game-changer ' in russia 's relationships <sec> the united states believes pro-russian rebels shot down the malaysia air jetliner .  american officials say russia bears the blame for supplying rebels with missiles .  a u.s. official said russia 'will have a hard time explaining this away ' .  but it 's unclear how russia 's vladimir putin will respond . .  will he back down in ukraine .
 al-qaeda-linked rebels mistakenly behead fellow fighter , group says <sec> the victim was an anti-government fighter who 'd been wounded .  he apparently made reference to two revered figures in shiite islam .  from that , members of an al-qaeda-affiliated group assumed he was an al-assad soldie .
 how facebook deals differs from groupon , other coupon sites <sec> facebook on tuesday announces a groupon competitor called deals .  the social network jumps into a space that is already crowded .  facebook deals does n't appear to offer the deepest discounts .  the site aims to make online coupons more social than other site .
 building the brand : 10 great fashion-architecture hook ups <sec> high-end fashion labels are investing millions to create luxury shopping experiences .  renowned architects such as peter marino have designed stores around the world .  the in store experience has become an extension of the brand identit .
 obama 's asia trip : a wish list ( opinion ) <sec> dan blumenthal : chinese media have openly mocked democrats ' midterm loss .  chinese leader likely wants to distract from domestic problems , he writes .  obama should reinvigorate ties with japan , he say .
 shot in foster care , teen ends up on capitol hill <sec> thomas mcrae lived in 22 different homes after being abandoned by his parents .  in one house , he was accidentally shot by his caretaker 's grandson .  mcrae was eventually adopted ; he now plans to help other kids in foster car .
