 beauty talk with amy adams <sec> amy adams leaves makeup to professional `` when it counts '' .  would love to try hair that was christina aguilera blond or harlow blond .  has skin that `` rejects the sun '' .  she 's always wanted to be talle .
 humans hooked on fish as demand reaches historic high <sec> a united nations report has stated global consumption of fish is at an all time high .  fish is currently the most-traded food commodity , worth around $ 102 billion in 2008 .  annual fish consumption reached 17 kg person in 200 .
 despite outrage , federal charges uncertain in zimmerman case <sec> president obama will have no role in deciding on federal charges .  federal hate crimes laws require proof of racial motivation , legal experts say .  ag holder has called that a high legal bar ; says monday that facts and law are paramount .  the jury in the george zimmerman case rejected state criminal charge .
 italy 's paris wins opening men 's downhill in canada <sec> italian paris wins first men 's downhill of the season at lake louise .  lara gut wins super-g in beaver creek following friday 's downhill win .  lindsey vonn 's return to training raises prospect olympic champion will race soo .
 train crash victim was 'pure goodness , ' widow says <sec> jim lovell was one of four who died in the bronx crash .  his wife says she knew he was dead when he did n't respond to texts .  lovell `` was so much more than just a victim , '' his son say .
 roxana saberi : 'i 'm happy to be free ' <sec> father of roxana saberi says they plan to leave iran soon .  saberi , 33 , was convicted last month on espionage charges .  her sentence was changed to a two-year jail term , suspended for five years .  she has lived in iran since 2003 , reporting for international news organization .
 weight loss inspiration : woman ditches diets , loses weight <sec> teena henson decided to lose weight after seeing a gym ad in a newspaper .  family members , especially her mom , always said henson should lose weight .  henson works out frequently and makes healthy food choice .
 is romney running against bush 's third term ? <sec> navarrette : presidential candidates typically move to the center after primaries .  he says this year , romney is staying on the right , and obama continues to take centrist stands .  he says president has governed as if this was the third term of george w. bus .
 # pottermorechristmas kicks off this week <sec> 12 days of new content coming to harry potter fan website .  # pottermorechristmas promises new writing from j.k. rowling .  fans are taking to social media to share their excitemen .
 joan jett switches from macy 's south dakota float after protest <sec> other celebs who support peta have been on parade floats without controversy .  jett says she wants to be on another float because of `` people 's political agendas '' .  `` we were rightly concerned about her representing south dakota , '' ranchers ' rep says .  jett supports peta , which says `` the meat trade ca n't stand any scrutiny of its cruelty .
 opinion : zimmerman-like drama not just on tv <sec> bob greene : zimmerman trial riveting , but why limit yourself to tv trials ? .  he says in county and local courtrooms across u.s. , trials constantly on display . .  go watch ! .  he says subjects are murder , robbery , financial shenanigans ; it 's free , tense , fascinating .  greene : beyond that , it 's american justice carried out for us all ; important to bear witnes .
 official : iraqi prime minister intended target of car bomber <sec> police : the blast occurs at the iraqi parliament 's parking lot .  terrorists confess that the car bomb was targeting the prime minister , official says .  the attack monday kills two people and injures seven other .
 a navy seal 's wise advice to graduates <sec> former navy seal eric greitens was commencement speaker at tufts .  william bennett says greitens ' message was unusual and important .  he says greitens stressed service to others rather than self-seeking pursuits .  bennett : the message was to sacrifice , to serve one 's country and to live magnanimousl .
 opinion : why do we keep executing people ? <sec> texas set to carry out its 500th execution . .  if all appeals fail , kimberly mccarthy will die .  u.s. is the only western nation that still has death penalty , joins north korea , china , iran .  thomas cahill : black people much more likely to be sent to prison and to death row .  cahill : get rid of electric chairs , nooses , lethal injection .
 massive ice island breaks off greenland <sec> 260 square-kilometer ice island is biggest since 1962 , researchers say .  ice broke away from petermann glacier early on thursday .  ice island could block nares strait which separates canada , greenland .  environmentalists say arctic ice melt caused by global warmin .
 man arrested at buckingham palace gate <sec> new : david belmar , 44 , is charged with trespassing , possession .  he is stopped at the main gate facing victoria memorial , police say .  arrest comes a month after someone scaled security fence to enter palac .
 opinion : should cia be targeting terrorists ? <sec> ex-cia chief says some are urging cia to get out of targeting terrorists .  he says the agency had to broaden its role after u.s. was attacked on 9/11 .  hayden says cia also has a key role in analyzing world threats .  he says agency needs to fulfill roles of targeting and analysi .
 tiananmen 25 years on : the day i drove famed hunger strikers to safety <sec> jaime a. florcruz was time 's correspondent in beijing 25 years ago .  he filed stories from tiananmen square and drove hunger strikers to a safe house .  passengers included later nobel laureate liu xiaobo and singer hou dejian .  florcruz saw people surround tanks , soldiers crying and violenc .
 man held in deaths of brother , 5 others in memphis <sec> jessie l. dotson was recently released after serving 14 years in prison for murder .  he was captured friday night and faces six counts of first-degree murder .  four adults and two children were found dead ; three children survived .  prosecutors say they are considering seeking the death penalt .
 verdasco dumps djokovic out in rome <sec> fernando verdasco beats novak djokovic 7-6 3-6 6-4 in rome masters quarterfinal .  three-set epic takes three hours and 18 minutes .  verdasco will now face jo-wilfried tsonga or david ferrer in the last fou .
 nj teacher calls bullying claims 'disingenuous ' <sec> new : the teacher at the center of the scandal is currently on leave , her attorney says .  school authorities say they are `` continuing to investigate what occurred '' .  stuart chaifetz says school staff made inappropriate comments to his autistic son .  teacher kelly altenburg says she was n't there when the comments were allegedly mad .
 why icelandic volcano threat remains <sec> an eruption from bardarbunga began on august 31 and continues to this day .  it has now emitted the most lava of any icelandic volcano since 1947 .  toxic gas released is causing respiratory discomfort to people in nearby towns .  it has triggered pollution warnings in countries such as irelan .
 teachers take weightless ride to inspire students <sec> the northrop grumman foundation is sending teachers on zero-gravity plane flights .  they hope experience will help teachers inspire in their students a love of science .  u.s. tech industry fears that fewer students are pursuing careers in tech fields .  more than 800 teachers have participated in the three-year progra .
 mccain visits egypt , calls ouster of president morsy a 'coup ' <sec> sen. graham wants `` an egyptian solution to an egyptian problem '' .  `` the circumstances of ( morsy 's ) removal was a coup , '' mccain says .  sens . .  mccain and graham are traveling at the request of president obama .  a longtime ally of the u.s. , egypt gets $ 1.3 billion in military aid a yea .
 is u.s. coalition winning war against isis ? ( opinion ) <sec> bergen : five months after obama pledged to destroy isis , it still controls large territory and attracts support . .  he says chuck hagel may be right , that u.s. military may need to be near front line .
 welcome to the twitter olympics <sec> the london games are being billed as the `` twitter olympics '' .  but much of the online conversation has devolved into criticism of the games .  twitter is far more popular now than it was at the beijing and vancouver olympics .  writer says it has become `` oxygen '' of the games , fueling both positive and negativ .
 new yorkers cheer historic vote in gay pride parade <sec> archbishop says his opposition to the bill is `` pro-marriage , '' not `` anti-gay '' .  some travel from abroad specifically for the parade .  the parade is a celebration of the legalization of same-sex marriage .  new york is the sixth such state to allow such union .
 london mayoral election : battle of the buses <sec> about 6 million londoners are voting to elect new mayor .  role largely ceremonial but mayor controls $ 23 billion budget .  front-runners are incumbent conservative boris johnson and labour 's ken livingstone .  transport is key issue , especially design of city 's famous red buse .
 egyptian-american behind anti-islam film denies violating probation <sec> new : youssef 's film had `` nothing to do with '' benghazi , which was `` pre-planned , '' his lawyer says .  the filmmaker denies prosecutors ' eight allegations that he violated probation .  youssef is behind the film that provoked protests in muslim world .  congress holds a hearing on security at the benghazi , libya , consulat .
 in a taliban hotbed , a woman runs for parliament <sec> badam zari is running for pakistan 's parliament in a taliban hotbed .  her platform includes better services and education for girls .  `` i am standing for a noble cause with a clean heart , '' she says .  she 's the first woman to seek office in the federal tribal district .
 terrorist attacks on christians mount <sec> an italian prosecutor announces suspected al qaeda affiliates may have targeted the vatican .  isis produced propaganda videos showing beheadings of egyptian , ethiopian christians .  al-shabaab has singled out non-muslims to kill them , as at a garissa university colleg .
 the citizen lab : malware attack try on isis opposition <sec> target email speaks to victims who are opposed to isis and asks for their help .  it contains a link to a file sharing site , where a malicious file is hidden among photos .  malware is artless , and the writer encrypted it wrong .  but it 's dangerous : being bare-bones makes it hard for security software to detec .
 the internet 's best april fools gags <sec> in an annual tradition , tech companies launch fake products on april fool 's day .  google leads charge with pokemon maps , david hasselhoff photo bombs .  samsung and htc both unveiled `` smartgloves '' .  bare face ? .  consider thinkgeek 's `` mr . .  beard .
 opinion : how america is rigged for the rich <sec> congressman paul ryan says america has a problem in culture of poverty .  eric liu : actually , we live in a dysfunctional culture of concentrated wealth .  he says certain antisocial values and behaviors have taken root among the rich .  liu : the wealthy rigged the political and economic games to amplify their gain .
 measles case reported in another state <sec> `` the infected infant arrived in atlanta from outside of the u.s. , '' the georgia department of health reports .  health officials are seeking possible exposures and aim to prevent the disease 's spread , it says .  it 's georgia 's first confirmed measles case since 201 .
 amy winehouse faces court over assault allegation <sec> winehouse allegedly hit a fan at a charity ball in september .  she will appear in court later this month .  troubled singer also facing divorce proceedings from jailed husban .
 fewer unaccounted for from devastating tornado in joplin , missouri <sec> 29 people are still missing , down from 43 a day earlier .  more than a week has passed since the deadly twister tore through joplin .  the death toll stands at 142 .  president obama visited the city on sunda .
 barcelona cool on fabregas deal as debts mount <sec> barca president sandro rosell casts doubt on transfer of cesc fabregas from arsenal .  rosell says the club has to impose a 'policy of austerity ' after debts mount .  dmytro chygrynskiy joins yaya toure in leaving catalan giant .
 bachmann wins iowa straw poll , narrowly besting ron paul <sec> new : the congresswoman thanks her supporters , saying the vote `` sent a message '' .  candidates earlier made their pitches for nonbinding votes at the event in ames , iowa .  the iowa straw poll is the first major gathering of republicans in the first caucus state .  the top three finishers tend to do well in subsequent contest .
 federer faces nadal in semifinals ; azarenka vs. sharapova in final <sec> roger federer to play rafael nadal in saturday 's semifinals at indian wells .  they both progressed with wins over argentine opponents on friday .  the world 's top two female players will meet in sunday 's women 's final .  no . .  1 victoria azarenka takes on russia 's no . .  2 maria sharapov .
 new e-mail leak from uk climate research center <sec> new email leak released six days before united nations climate talks in durban .  around 5,000 private emails published on internet on tuesday .  uk climate unit believe that emails are from the same batch stolen in 2009 .  climate scientists cleared of manipulating or falsifying data by uk and u.s. review .
 is france racist ? abuse shocks nation <sec> france 's justice minister christine taubira the target of racist taunts and abuse .  in one incident taubira was insulted by a 12-year-old girl as her parents looked on .  journalist agnes poirier says most french people considered france above such attacks .  poirier : parents who teach children to shout racist insults must be punishe .
 silvio berlusconi sentence : is this the end for 'il cavaliere ' ? <sec> italy 's former prime minister silvio berlusconi is given a four-year sentence for tax fraud .  however , he will serve only one year due to an amnesty cutting down on prison overcrowding .  berlusconi has 30 days to choose between house arrest or community service .  he will be ineligible to hold public office after he serves this sentenc .
 student flees taliban in 'pakistan 's switzerland ' <sec> as many as 200 schools destroyed under taliban pressure in pakistan 's swat valley .  taliban enforce strict version of islamic law in former tourist haven .  almost a quarter-million people have fled as pakistan government fights taliba .
 73 rescued from mexican house <sec> police rescue 73 people from a house in northern mexico .  about half of the victims are central american .  they had been snatched from buses or bus station .
 family : syria releases american student <sec> obada mzaik was arrested in syria in early january .  the ohio-born dual citizen is studying engineering in damascus , his uncle said .  mzaik had been arrested before for `` spreading fliers about the revolution , '' his uncle say .
 injured essien ruled out for six months <sec> michael essien is ruled out for six months after undergoing knee surgery .  the chelsea and ghana midfielder injured himself in training last week .  chelsea have been heavily linked with luka modric and joao moutinh .
 bedbugs , on the rise , close pair of new york clothing stores <sec> bedbug infestation shuts down 2 stores in upscale manhattan areas .  the critters have become a growing problem in recent years .  emphasis so far has been on residences , but the bugs can hitch a ride to work .  despite the name , bedbugs need not live in bed .
 utility to pay $ 70 million for california pipeline rupture <sec> money from pg & e will benefit all citizens , san bruno 's mayor says .  `` this accident will affect this community forever , '' says pg & e president .  federal investigators say a faulty pipe and inadequate oversight led to the blas .
 fbi warns seattle cartoonist about threats from radical cleric <sec> cartoonist molly norris began a controversy with an online cartoon in april .  she proposed `` everybody draw mohammed day '' .  many muslims find depictions of the prophet mohammed to be deeply offensive .  the fbi says norris has been warned about death threat .
 jailed uyghur scholar insists innocence after hunger strike <sec> detained uyghur scholar meets with lawyer for the first time in months .  ilham tohti , was denied food for 10 days while being held by authorities , says his lawyer .  his starvation period began after the march 1 attack in kunmin .
 $ 800 million biotech business started in a garage <sec> kiran mazumdar-shaw pioneered biotech in india in a garage at the age of 25 .  biocon is now worth $ 800 million .  biocon employs more than 6,000 people , the majority of them scientists .  she also aims to widen access to affordable healthcare in indi .
 iran releases 1 man seized with reporter <sec> reporter 's mother delivers video statement on washington post website .  the detentions have spurred outrage among other journalists , rights activists .  jason rezaian has been the paper 's tehran correspondent since 201 .
 t.i. , tiny face the music from drug arrest <sec> t.i . .  starts his 11-month prison term monday .  arraignment for the rapper 's wife , `` tiny '' cottle , is also monday .  the couple 's latest legal woes stem from a west hollywood traffic sto .
 opinion : obama 's message : we 'll get it done anyway despite congress <sec> donna brazile says that a dysfunctional congress wo n't stop a determined president .  brazile : obama nurturing programs that will bear fruit long after he leaves office .  brazile : the loser in this system has n't been democratic party , but our constitutional syste .
 she 's a beauty and a geek : supermodel is a coder <sec> lyndsey scott models for prada , victoria 's secret , calvin klein .  she studied computer science in college and has built several apps for ios platforms .  scott : `` we have this idea of people in technology being and looking a certain way .
 rampant madrid hit eight past levante <sec> real madrid effectively book a place in spanish cup last eight after crushing levante 8-0 .  karim benzema and cristiano ronaldo both score hat-tricks in a one- sided first leg .  real could meet atletico madrid in quarters after their neighbors beat espanyol 1- .
 malaysian government uncomfortable in spotlight over missing plane <sec> passengers ' kin protest , say they are `` not satisfied '' with malaysian response .  u.s. defense secretary urges malaysian counterpart to be transparent .  malaysian authorities are n't used to heavy media scrutiny , experts say .  `` i think on a stress test , they 're failing , '' an analyst says of malaysia 's governmen .
 volcanic eruption grounds flights in asia-pacific <sec> indonesia 's mount sangeang volcano erupted friday , sending clouds of ash and smoke into the sky .  volcanic ash drifted as far as australia , forcing darwin international airport to cancel fights over weekend .  the ash is dangerous for a number of reasons , says the darwin volcanic ash advisory cente .
 12 similar flights deepen air france 447 mystery <sec> at least 12 flights traveled from brazil to europe around same time as 447 .  none of the other flights reported bad weather or other problems .  aviation experts say weather alone would not normally cause a crash .  they also say weather can change quickly and vary over short distance .
 u.s. : only one supply route shut down by pakistan <sec> new : about half of u.s. cargo comes into afghanistan via pakistan , pentagon says .  isaf spokesman says torkham gate in the khyber agency is closed .  spokesman : `` we do n't think it 's a very serious problem '' .  pakistan says 3 of its soldiers were killed during nato attack on insurgent .
 princeton students closer to getting meningitis vaccine <sec> cdc preparing to recommend students get meningitis b vaccine .  that recommendation is awaiting final approval from a review board .  the meningitis group b vaccine is not approved in the u.s . .  novartis spokeswoman : necessary doses would need one to two months to arriv .
 dubai police seize arms shipment <sec> the weapons were found in a shipping container in dubai 's port .  the shipment includes 16,000 pistols made in turkey .  like a number of nations in the middle east and north africa , yemen has experienced growing unres .
 frankie 's parmigiana <sec> frankie dettori 's favorite recipe from his new cookbook : aubergine parmigiana .  leading jockey spends many months dieting but when `` off-duty '' loves food .  opened first of `` frankie 's '' restaurants in 2004 , now chain of six worldwide .  released italian family cookbook with chef marco pierre white in march , 200 .
