 mississippi death row inmate michelle byrom to get new trial <sec> defense attorney `` grateful '' for decision , applauds `` just and fair result '' in case .  michelle byrom was sentenced to death for the 1999 slaying of her husband in iuka , mississippi .  byrom , set to be executed for her husband 's murder , gets new trial , state high court says .  defense says it wants to explore byrom 's son 's confession to court-appointed psychologis .
 iranian jews in israel wary , hoping for the best <sec> iran is largest middle eastern population center for jews outside of israel .  jews can practice faith freely in iran without persecution , says one iranian jew .  for iranian jews living in israel , the debate about iran can not be escape .
 u.s. radiation drug manufacturers swamped with calls from japan <sec> the japanese nuclear crisis prompts calls to u.s. manufacturers .  potassium iodide blocks thyroid gland 's absorption of radiation .  u.s. supplies of the drug are nearing expiration dates .  the u.s. is `` not expected to experience any harmful levels of radioactivity .
 a school 's field trip experiment : cutting out the classroom <sec> gas costs , budget cuts and test pressures have led some schools to cut field trips .  one atlanta school took all its 750 students to a museum as a one-day learning experiment .  researcher : some field trips aid critical thinking , social tolerance and historical empath .
 28 internet acronyms every parent should know <sec> acronyms are widely used across the internet , especially on social media and texting apps .  some acronyms can be a shorthand for sex , drugs and alcohol .  experts say parents should be aware of acronyms and talk to their children about them .  expert : `` asking kids not only gives you great information , but it shows that you 're paying attention .
 is u.s. still beacon of liberty for muslims ? <sec> u.s. liberties are the dream of many in the muslim world , sharjeel kashmir writes .  kasmir : those dreams are marred by suspicion that greets muslims here .  kashmir : muslim americans are not the enemy , and can be part of the solution .  he says people should engage with muslims as people , not as stereotype .
 study points to benefits from great depression <sec> study : life expectancy rose , mortality dropped during great depression .  opposite happened during surrounding times of economic expansion , study shows .  study examined population health from 1920 to 1940 .  speculation : in hard times , more sleep , less money for drinking and smokin .
 joan rivers let misfit girls dream ( opinion ) <sec> as a budding comic growing up in new jersey , judy gold related to , adored joan rivers .  she says rivers a role model to female comics , worked very hard , was fearless .  she says rivers was a nurturing colleague , gave her advice on mothering , work .  gold : rivers not comfortable being told how beloved she was . .  but she wa .
 golden girl vonn triumphs in women 's downhill <sec> lindsey vonn wins olympic women 's downhill title with dominant display .  vonn beats fellow american julia mancuso by over half a second at whistler creekside .  new : shani davis of united states retains his olympic title in men 's 1,000m speed skating .  new : shaun white adds to u.s. gold rush with successful defense of his half-pipe crow .
 cnn student news transcript - december 9 , 2011 <sec> the daily transcript is a written version of each day 's cnn student news program .  use this transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary .  use the weekly newsquiz to test your knowledge of stories you saw on cnn student new .
 bp right to stop paying dividends <sec> bp decided to suspend dividends for rest of year as it creates escrow fund for liability .  dorothy brown says it 's impossible to say how much liability bp will have for oil leak .  she says bulk of dividends go to people who have high income .  investors in oil company that drills offshore assume risk , she say .
 new york city to settle fire department racial bias suit <sec> entry-level firefighters to receive a total of $ 98 million in back pay to settle lawsuit .  the lawsuit , filed in 2007 , claimed new york fire department exams were racially biased .  a judge ordered the department to hire 293 black and latino applicant .
 ailing qantas announces alliance with emirates <sec> australian carrier will transfer its hub for european flights from singapore to dubai .  qantas ceo alan joyce says the new partnership will benefit frequent flyers .  emirates : deal provides passengers with additional connectivity in australia .  qantas ' international arm is struggling with losses amid soaring cost .
 gay marriage supporters take to california streets <sec> protests continue over recent passage of same-sex marriage ban in california .  measure overturns may ruling by california supreme court allowing gay marriages .  legal status of same-sex weddings that occurred before ban remains unclea .
 newly designed rifles for america 's most elite troops <sec> military will train an elite group of troops with versatile new rifles .  mark 16 , mark 17 rifles designed for their unique and dangerous missions .  usually secretive special operation command gave cnn an exclusive look .  the new rifles are designed to handle the greater rate of use and last twice as lon .
 terror in the sky : engine falls off plane , pilot flies to safety <sec> nationwide airlines pilot dumped fuel until he landed plane wednesday .  an object was sucked into the engine as the nose wheel lifted from the ground .  100 , including crew , were on the plane ; no one was injured .  plane passenger : `` everyone started panicking .
 silvio berlusconi 's brother labels mario balotelli 'little black boy ' <sec> mario balotelli focus of racially charged remarks . .  younger brother of former prime minister and team owner silvio berlusconi caught on camera saying : `` ok , we are all off to see the family 's little black boy '' .  italian football expert and author john foot says paulo berlusconi 's words are offensive on several levels . .  foot adds that there `` has n't been a debate in italy about racist language .
 food industry dictates nutrition policy <sec> safran foer : food industry influences what stores stock , what schoolchildren eat .  usda charged with creating nutritional guidelines and promoting industry .  expert : food industry , like cigarette industry , says anything to sell products .  nation 's premier group of nutrition experts supports vegetarianism , he say .
 'dating game killer ' suspect pleads not guilty <sec> new : rodney alcala was arraigned thursday .  alcala 's alleged victims include two 23-year-old new york women .  the slayings occurred in the 1970s .  `` cold cases are not forgotten cases , '' district attorney say .
 rescues , places of refuge mark aftermath of irene in new york town <sec> new : police helicopter rescues 21 people stranded in a house cut off by floodwaters .  new : others find shelter at a christian center .  new : `` there are some here that have nothing to go back to , '' a center official says .  county official : 87 people stranded in prattsville were rescued sunda .
 cnn student news learning activity : predict electoral college votes <sec> students will predict electoral vote totals for each u.s. presidential candidat .
 bush , cheney signal support for georgia <sec> new : bush says he was `` firm '' with putin and that the `` violence is unacceptable '' .  vice president dick cheney said russian aggression `` must not go unanswered '' .  violence has continued to rage between russia and western ally georgi .
 how supersized portions cost the earth <sec> over the past two decades , food waste and obesity have nearly doubled at equal rates .  the average dinner plate size expanded by 36 percent between 1960 and 2007 .  in canada more than 17.5 million kilograms of food is thrown out every month .  50 percent of all food produced on the planet goes in the tras .
 syrians return to homs to discover what war left them <sec> a truce was declared between rebels and the syrian government .  homs residents who escaped the fighting returned to their homes .  some neighborhoods were untouched ; stores , cafes operate as if there was no wa .
 philippines leader signs divisive reproductive health bill <sec> president benigno aquino signs legislation .  the bill provides sex education classes and government-funded contraception .  it will take effect in mid-january .  the catholic church opposed i .
 woman in acid hoax pleads not guilty to theft <sec> bethany storro faces three counts of theft .  she claimed a woman threw acid in her face .  storro later confessed to doing the damage hersel .
 face time with dr. nahed taher <sec> mme speaks with dr. nahed taher of gulf one investment bank .  first female head of a saudi investment bank , respected economist .  dr. naher : intra-trade and intra-production should be encouraged in gcc .  says in saudi arabia `` driving for women is definitely a necessity now .
 opinion : millennials will reinvent charity <sec> john bare : young people are taking entrepreneurial approach to charity .  in many cases , he says , they 're blurring the line between for-profit and nonprofit .  he says we need policy changes to make social investing eas .
 3 more dead dolphins wash up along the gulf coast <sec> two bodies and the head of another dolphin are found in mississippi .  investigators are looking into whether the deaths could to linked to other dolphin killings .  roughly half a dozen dolphins have been shot , stabbed or mutilated this yea .
 heavy rain floods streets in charleston <sec> forecasters worried about rain during high tide .  isaac contributes to heavy rains in coastal south carolina .  motorists stranded on charleston street .
 attorney : michael brown pathologist to testify before grand jury <sec> the pathologist will testify thursday , brown family attorney says .  the browns hired michael baden after their son was killed in august by a ferguson police officer .  a grand jury is deciding whether to indict that officer .  it 's unusual for an expert hired by an interested party to give grand jury testimon .
 behind the scenes at the academy awards <sec> when you 're inside the theater , the whole show seems to work , and you feel part of it .  stagehands guide the changing of the sets during the commercial breaks .  seeing five best actors presenting oscars on the same stage was pretty amazing .  the oscars can still astonish -- they still know how to put on the big musical numbe .
 obama sets new effort combating campus sexual assault <sec> new : president : `` this is on all of us , every one of us , to fight campus sexual assault '' .  the white house says one in five women are sexually assaulted while in college .  the campaign will target students through an array of media platforms .  a key component will be to engage college-age men in the prevention proces .
 hasselbeck : bristol palin 'perfect choice ' to talk abstinence <sec> elisabeth hasselbeck says `` radical leftists '' laughing at bristol palin 's situation .  hasselbeck calls miss california usa controversy `` a big bullying scheme '' .  hasselbeck , who has celiac disease , wrote book on gluten-free lifestyl .
 fashion photographer focuses on war <sec> fashion photographer exhibits shots of refugees in dr congo .  rankin says `` i want people to see them as people , not victim .
 is the union movement making a comeback ? <sec> over a million signatures have been submitted to recall gov . .  scott walker of wisconsin .  nelson lichtenstein : it 's clear that the american trade union movement is not yet dead .  he says that the fate of unionism is all about class power and income distribution .  he says that people are realizing the importance of unions and are fighting on their behal .
 commentary : obama absent on gay rights <sec> william jelani cobb : white house has been largely silent on same-sex marriage .  he says the issue is the civil rights struggle of our time .  cobb : state legislatures have taken the lead by allowing same-sex marriage .  he says obama 's wariness resembles john kennedy 's reluctance on civil right .
 argentina 's president set to undergo surgery for thyroid cancer <sec> doctors are set to operate in a hospital outside buenos aires .  president cristina fernandez de kirchner will hand over power until january 24 .  medical tests uncovered papillary carcinoma in her thyroid gland .  supporters gather outside the hospital , posting banners and flags on the gat .
 bolton wanderers ' muamba discharged from hospital <sec> fabrice muamba discharged from hospital less than a month after near-fatal collapse .  the 24-year-old pays tribute to the london chest hospital staff .  `` their dedication , professionalism and expertise is simply amazing , '' muamba said .  bolton wanderers midfielder collapsed during fa cup tie against tottenham hostpu .
 teen strip-searched in school wins partial victory <sec> savana redding was 13 when administrators suspected she was carrying drugs .  no medication was found , and she later sued .  justices : search was unreasonable , but individual school officials ca n't be sued .  redding , now 19 , has said she has never gotten over her experienc .
 eight arrested as police raid occupy dc camp <sec> new : eight people have been arrested , including one for felony assault .  an occupy dc demonstrator failed this week in a court bid to overturn the ban .  occupy dc is part of a larger activist movement that began last year in new yor .
 cleveland police : air gun looked like 'real firearm ' <sec> an orange tip indicating the gun was not a real firearm had been removed , police said .  deputy chief says police have surveillance video of the shooting .  officer who fired fatal shots `` had no clue '' tamir rice was 12 , union official says .  `` you did n't give him a chance , '' an angry resident says of the shootin .
 no fun least of nfl 's problems <sec> super bowl this sunday takes place against backdrop of controversy .  mike downey : just play the damn game .
 doctors question tsa 's use of pat downs , body scans <sec> tsa says pat downs , full-body scans are necessary to prevent weapons from getting on planes .  tsa trying to balance safety concerns and travelers ' right to privacy .  doctors say extra scrutiny raises concerns for cancer patients , elderly , children .  the process is evolving , and concerns are being taken into account , white house say .
 bermuda bracing for igor as winds , rain lash island <sec> it 's estimated half of bermuda 's residents have lost power .  hurricane-force wind gusts reported on bermuda .  category-1 igor may make a direct hit on the island .  a hurricane warning is in effec .
 netanyahu 's red line is n't getting him anywhere <sec> aaron miller : israeli pm netanyahu has scored some victories on iran nuclear program .  but he says netanyahu 's new emphasis on drawing a red line is counterproductive .  israeli politicians are crying wolf , threatening an attack that is n't happening , miller says .  miller : injecting the issue into u.s. election campaign further alienates president obam .
 sudan 's president dances after war crimes move <sec> sudan 's president seen dancing and smiling after war crimes charges issued .  streets of khartoum filled with cheering crowds .  icc issued the warrant over war crimes and crimes against humanit .
 nanci griffith finds her voice again <sec> nanci griffith 's new album is `` the loving kind '' .  grammy-winning singer with crystalline voice had long dry stretch in '00s .  election of obama , better health has her in upbeat moo .
 clijsters battles into sydney final <sec> kim clijsters is into the final of the sydney international tournament .  clijsters will face china 's li na in friday 's final at sydney 's olympic park .  victor troicki and florian mayer will meet in the semifinals of the men 's draw .  marion bartoli is out of the hobart international after she lost to klara zakopalov .
 christine mcvie to tour with fleetwood mac <sec> christine mcvie has rejoined fleetwood mac with `` a definite capital yes '' .  the keyboardist and singer left the group in 1998 for a variety of reasons .  one big hurdle for her was a fear of flying .  now with all five members , fleetwood mac is looking forward to a tou .
 iran nuclear deal commitments kept so far , u.s. official says <sec> iran is rolling back parts of nuclear program and getting relief from sanctions in return .  everyone in the deal has `` kept commitments , '' says u.s. official .  final deal will be contingent on iran taking `` concrete '' verifiable step .
 new eco-surfboard hopes to catch wave of popularity <sec> new eco-surfboard made with over 50 percent renewable materials .  developed by eden project in england in tandem with local companies .  manufacturers hope it will appeal to surfers who are traditionally eco-consciou .
 the face of venezuela 's opposition <sec> leopoldo lopez has long been a threat to socialists in venezuela .  in 2008 , president hugo chavez 's government banned him from seeking public office .  lopez turned him in this week after the government accused of him terrorism , murder .  prosecutors formally charged him with arson and conspiracy ; dropped more serious charge .
 marines chief laments unit readiness at home <sec> new commandant laments budget , stretched resources .  not enough equipment , personnel , he says .  he points to deployment demands in middle eas .
 ireland : symphysiotomy survivor speaks <sec> 1,500 women in ireland were subjected to symphysiotomy operations from the 1940s to 80s .  victims say the procedure , administered during childbirth , left them with broken pelvises and lifelong injuries .  some women were never consulted or told about the procedure ; campaigners want an official apolog .
 nigerian senate passes anti-gay bill , defying british aid threat <sec> the bill calls for a 14-year sentence for anyone convicted of homosexuality .  anyone who aids or `` abets '' same-sex unions faces 10 years in prison .  homosexuality is illegal in most african countries based on laws introduced during the colonial era .  `` do not get tempted into that ( homosexuality ) madness , '' zimbabwean president tells yout .
 prince harry to visit u.s. to receive humanitarian award <sec> britain 's prince harry to travel to washington d.c. in may .  he will be presented with humanitarian award by the atlantic council .  award recognizes his work with veterans and serving members of the armed forces .  prince last traveled to the u.s. for apache helicopter training in arizona , californi .
 central african republic : desperate migrants wait for airlift home <sec> about 1,000 chadians and 700 malians are to be flown home in the next four days .  migrants have been stranded in terrible conditions , international organization for migration says .  `` the situation is terrible , '' iom emergency coordinator francois goemans says in bangui .  central african republic has descended into a spiral of violence following a coup last yea .
 opinion : it 's not about 'stand your ground , ' it 's about race <sec> mark o'mara : `` stand your ground '' eliminates duty to retreat from a threatening situation .  he says according to testimony in two florida cases , retreat was n't perceived as an option .  o'mara : `` stand your ground '' should be removed from jury instructions to avoid confusion .  he says we need to deal as a society with how race affects perception .
 after penn state report , it 's time to look at second mile <sec> roxanne jones : penn state report implicates four powerful men who failed to protect kids .  she says they worried about money , fame , glory , turned blind eye to childrens ' victimization .  she says paterno guilty like rest ; now second mile organization should be investigated .  jones : no more excuses ; we must discover whether second mile involved , other kids hur .
 security tight as iran 's ahmadinejad sworn in <sec> mahmoud ahmadinejad begins a second term as iran 's president .  the results of the june 12 election were widely disputed , sparking violent protests .  since the vote , iran has seen turmoil not witnessed since the 1979 islamic revolutio .
 rockies pitcher has surgery after neck injury <sec> juan nicasio was struck in the head by a line drive .  he had surgery in denver to stabilize a vertebrae fracture .  nicasio , 24 , is a native of the dominican republi .
 toyota to pay $ 1.2 billion in settlement with u.s. over recalls <sec> japanese auto giant also charged with wire fraud , but prosecution deferred .  toyota admitted to misleading consumers and regulators over unintended acceleration .  it initiated massive recalls in 2009-10 following stepped up pressure from regulators .  the justice department is now looking at how general motors handled ignition switch problem .
 facebook launches questions feature <sec> facebook has begun the rollout of a new feature , facebook questions .  questions will allow users to get answers to their queries from the facebook community .  feature will roll out to a limited group of beta testers thursda .
