 colombian hitmen reveal horror of the kill <sec> colombian hitmen talk about their careers to cnn .  one says a kill costs between $ 2,000 and $ 10,000 .  second hitman : after the first kill you panic , the second is a medicine .  they live in medellin , the colombian city in the middle of a drug wa .
 'contagion ' is part reality , part fantasy , totally possible <sec> laurie garrett says movie `` contagion '' shows global risk of pandemic shared by rich , poor .  she says without global equity in the ability to respond , everyone would be affected .  she says politics , economy have lead to shifting priorities , leaving world poorly prepared .  garrett : movie a warning : global coordinated , equitable response to a pandemic neede .
 'kony 2012 ' : how not to change the world <sec> schomerus : `` kony 2012 '' is well-packaged call to maintain status quo .  viral video about ugandan warlord has more than 60 million youtube views this week .  film `` makes millions of people believe war is the best way to bring peace .
 as u.s. damage measured , emergency declared in california counties <sec> new : the tsunami sunk 10 boats in hawaii , the coast guard reported .  a 25-year-old man was declared dead after being swept out to sea off california .  northern california city records 8.1-foot tsunami wave .  `` you could hear a pin drop in waikiki , '' honolulu resident say .
 folks who 've made paul mccartney famous <sec> ex-beatle 's song with kanye west leads to jokes about `` who is paul mccartney ? '' .  mccartney has had a bit of success on his own .  he 's had partnerships with michael jackson , stevie wonde .
 opinion : the secret eyes watching you shop <sec> ftc chairwoman edith ramirez warns consumers about invisible data brokers .  transactions quietly surrender a gold mine of data , from where you live to what you like .  ftc wants congress to improve the transparency of data broker industry .  it also wants brokers to create central website so consumers can see their own data , opt ou .
 chinese ban government building projects to curb versailles-like excesses <sec> china has imposed a five-year ban on the construction of new government buildings .  state-owned pharmaceutical company has hq that rivals palace of versailles .  new directive part of chinese government 's pledge to curb official excesses .  corruptions and widening wealth gap is alienating much of the populatio .
 'raising hope ' contest : martha plimpton to clean one lucky fan 's home <sec> martha plimpton will clean a fan 's house to promote her fox comedy `` raising hope '' .  fans can enter to win a house call from plimpton and garret dillahunt through october 8 .  the `` raising hope '' creator will select the winner from the top 10 finalists in mid-octobe .
 fire at tyler perry 's studios limited to backlot facade <sec> new : `` damage is limited to the backlot facade , '' tyler perry studios says .  new : perry uses the facade to shoot city scenes for his movies , including the `` madea '' franchise .  new : perry thanks atlanta firefighters for their `` quick response and limiting the damage '' .  officials do not know what started the fir .
 d.c. tattoo parlors offer lasting inaugural memories <sec> tattoo parlors offering permanent memories of barack obama 's inauguration .  most popular tattoos : obama logo , `` hope , '' iconic red-and-blue obama poster .  owner : `` a lot of people are feeling very inspired and taken by this moment '' .  temporary options include obama piercings , airbrush tattoo .
 return of the dreamliner : 5 things to know <sec> united flight 1 is the first u.s. commercial dreamliner flight in more than four months .  battery troubles led the faa to ground the 787 , the first model fleet grounded in 30 years .  experts say plane is safe ; travel advisers say enthusiasts are requesting bookings .  it 's the first of a new generation of efficient airliners that can carry 200-plus passenger .
 report : more than 1m preemies die in first month annually <sec> march of dimes : nearly 10 percent of world 's births are premature .  more than 85 percent of premature births are in developing parts of africa , asia .  but north america has world 's second-highest premature birth rate .  doctors have yet to identify a reliable remedy to prevent early labor , group say .
 pakistani taliban targets police official in explosion that kills 8 <sec> `` all pro-u.s. security officials are ... our target , '' the pakistani taliban says .  the eight killed include six officers , a mother and a child .  police : chaudhry aslam , a senior police official , was the intended target but is safe .  aslam appears on national tv and vows to continue fighting the taliba .
 thai red shirt leader shot and wounded as state of emergency imposed <sec> new : a leading red shirt in northeast thailand is shot and wounded outside his home .  new : his wounds are n't life threatening , police say , but the act may be politically driven .  the government has imposed a state of emergency after a series of violent attacks .  thousands of protesters have rallied in bangkok ahead of february 2 election .
 opinion : marriage equality is unstoppable <sec> sally kohn : it 's almost a year since the supreme court struck down doma .  kohn : marriage equality is an important movement toward fairness and justice for all .  she says despite progress , there is still discrimination against gays and lesbians .  kohn : there is no turning back , with most americans supporting same-sex marriag .
 maria von trapp , last of famous singing siblings , dies at 99 <sec> maria von trapp dies at 99 in vermont .  she was one of the original family singers .  her father , stepmother left austria before wwii .  story made famous by `` the sound of music .
 fedex deliveryman predicted jeremy lin 's fame <sec> fedex truck driver ed weiland predicted jeremy lin 's success two years ago .  weiland , an amateur sports statistician , chose lin as the top point guard prospect in 2010 .  he never watched lin play , assessing him only on statistics .  his prediction was ignored in 2010 ; today , weiland is getting massive media attentio .
 house passes resolution criticizing wilson <sec> new : 240-179 vote on formal admonishment passes mostly along party lines .  12 democrats voted `` no , '' and 5 voted `` present '' ; 7 republicans voted for measure .  south carolina rep called debate over resolution of disapproval a waste of time .  republicans accuse dems of partisanship ; wilson says one apology is enoug .
 u.s.-china split would be a catastrophe <sec> president obama has warned of dangers of undervalued chinese currency .  house passed bill to allow tariffs against nations that undervalue currency .  fareed zakaria says u.s. and china both benefit from cheap chinese currency .  zakaria conducted rare interview with china 's prime minister , wen jiabao , airing sunday , 10 a.m. e .
 la nina blamed for china blizzard <sec> `` the warm air is very active this year '' , said li . .  current snowstorm calls for the first-ever , most severe red warning .  hundreds of thousands of people have been stranded , dozens kille .
 syrian activists slam arab league mission head <sec> new : an arab league source says the claims `` come with no evidence '' .  the icc has issued warrants for some sudanese , including the president .  enough project called the choice of al-dabi 'perplexing ' .  al-dabi is accused of `` turning a blind eye '' to darfu .
 10 inmates hurt in lunchroom brawl at arizona prison <sec> new : an `` inmate-on-inmate altercation '' left 10 inmates hurt , the correctional facility says .  new : the fight , in a unit housing california prisoners , was quelled in 10 minutes .  new : all 43 inmates involved were secluded , and the prison remains in lockdown .  the incident occurred at a privately run prison in central arizon .
 to afghanistan , on the slow train <sec> the u.s. military has developed an alternative railroad into afghanistan .  the northern distribution network 's main line begins in latvia .  along the main line , it takes about 10 days to move supplies from load to deliver .
 opinion : putin 's real endgame and what the west ca n't do <sec> angela stent : vladimir putin 's move into crimea is central to his view of russia 's interests .  key to those interests is the russian black sea fleet based in crimea .  stent says that beyond sanctions and containment , western reaction may be limite .
 6 rules for a better halloween <sec> every halloween , people ignore a few rules that will help keep the holiday happy .  costumes do n't have to be sexy and should never be based on stereotypes .  porch light on ? .  trick-or-treat ! .  porch light off ? .  move along , kids .  after october 31 , do n't leave moldy pumpkins on your porch for week .
 family 's foreclosure auction 'bargain ' pays off <sec> victor guevares won bid at a raucous foreclosure auction two months ago .  the auction process is n't as easy as it looks , guevares says .  guevares spent 12 years renting as he saved for first home .  `` my mortgage is $ 300 less than what i paid in rent , '' says guevare .
 leonid meteor shower set to feature sea of shooting stars <sec> the leonid meteor shower occurs every year in mid-november .  it happens as the earth passes a comet 's debris that 's now in its orbital path .  a nasa expert predicts 15 to 20 meteors per hour this yea .
 clinton on stimulus : 'it 's quite a good bill ' <sec> bill clinton talks in wide-ranging interview with cnn 's larry king .  republican economic theories created current economic crisis , clinton says .  clinton on obama : 'i always had a great respect for his abilities ' .  no , clinton does n't have access to obama 's blackberr .
 louisiana teacher disappears ; authorities suspect foul play <sec> sylviane finck lozada phoned her family every day .  she last called her family in belgium about july 5 .  she taught french and spanish at brusly high school in brusly , louisiana .  authorities are trying to locate her husband , who took the couple 's daughter to venezuel .
 bulgarian police widen suicide bombing probe <sec> police are asking hotels for surveillance video .  the suspect was also seen at a car rental agency .  five israelis were killed in a suicide bombing last week .  authorities do n't rule out the possibility of a second suspec .
 burundian refugees grow more than veggies -- they grow in confidence <sec> fifteen women who fled war-torn burundi are farming in metro atlanta .  susan pavlin started global growers to help refugees adapt to their new city .  the women take some crops home and sell the rest at farmers ' markets .  pavlin : it 's important to have something of which they can take ownershi .
 nepal : houses and families ripped apart by quake <sec> roads out of kathmandu are damaged but passable .  even close to the capital , aid is taking forever to trickle through .  east of the city , the village of ravi opi counts the cost of devastatio .
 q & a : has mystery of flight 447 been solved ? <sec> air france flight 447 plunged into southern atlantic ocean killing all 228 people in 2009 .  investigators have released a report on what they believe caused the crash .  tests on instruments measuring air speed and pressure seen as one factor .  expert : search for wreck `` unprecedented in terms of depth and sub-sea terrain .
 mexican officials call terrorist attack report a fake <sec> new : a source at the u.s. state department says a somali citizen was arrested in 2010 and released .  two mexican media outlets publish a supposed report on a plot to bomb the u.s. embassy .  the report alleges an arrest in june 2010 broke up the plot .  the mexican secretary of the navy says the report is a fak .
 some hispanic americans hope law deters illegal immigration <sec> woman who supports the new immigration law says she has been called racist .  she also believes illegal immigrants are taking away jobs .  some with hispanic roots say illegal immigrants are turning towns into `` mini-mexicos '' .  one woman says negative experience in school system helped form her opinio .
 poisoning sends 38 mexican kindergarteners to hospital <sec> a drink is suspected of having sickened 38 kindergartners in mexico .  the affected children live in the border town of san luis rio colorad .
 oil pipelines in nigeria attacked , company says <sec> royal dutch shell : pipelines attacked in eastern part of nigeria 's niger delta .  few details available ; company says remote area will make investigation hard .  company wo n't speculate on who was behind attacks .  militant group mend claimed it attacked an offshore facility earlier sunda .
 fay drenches parts of florida ; crist asks bush for help <sec> rainfall could reach 30 inches in some areas , forecast says .  airboats help rescue people in flooded homes in st. lucie county .  kennedy space center will remain closed for a second day .  track fay with cnn 's hurricane tracke .
 does norway hold key to solving south china sea dispute ? <sec> khanna : territorial disputes in south china sea can be resolved to everyone 's benefit .  nations should put aside territorial claims and start joint venture to exploit the sea 's resources .  nations can either resolve dispute profitably , or risk regional war involving major military power .
 italy 's silvio berlusconi wants to do community service -- prosecutor <sec> prosecutor : silvio berlusconi has asked to serve his tax fraud sentence as community service .  a judge will rule on the community service request in the coming days , prosecutor says .  italy 's highest court upheld berlusconi 's conviction and sentence for tax fraud in augus .
 new york times reporter escapes taliban <sec> new : u.s. secretary of state clinton thanks pakistan , afghanistan for help .  david rohde was kidnapped outside of kabul , afghanistan , on november 10 .  rohde , 41 , said he climbed over the wall of a compound late friday .  rohde was being held in the north waziristan region of pakista .
 liberians vote in runoff election <sec> ellen johnson sirleaf faced challenger winston tubman .  there had been calls to boycott the election .  the united nations called on liberians to refrain from violence .  it is the second presidential election since the end of a 14-year civil wa .
 'scandal ' star congratulates kerry washington on baby <sec> kerry washington has welcomed her first child .  the 37-year-old has n't made an official announcement .  her `` scandal '' co-star joe morton congratulated her at the white house correspondents dinne .
 sanders : 'i 'll be damned ' if americans lead isis fight - cnnpolitics.com <sec> sanders does n't want to see the united states fall into another `` quagmire in the middle east '' .  sanders : `` i 'll be damned if kids in the state of vermont ... have to defend the royal saudi family '' .  the independent senator from vermont says u.s. should instead focus on the middle class .  sanders visited iowa recently to gauge appetite for what would be a populist 2016 presidential bi .
 london bombings survivor sets sights on paralympics <sec> martine wright lost both legs in 2005 london bombings .  she is now a member of britain 's sitting volleyball team .  team is headed to oklahoma for world championships this week .  wright says she wants to compete at 2012 london paralympic .
 andy murray loses in return from back injury <sec> andy murray falls to jo-wilfried tsonga at an exhibition tournament in abu dhabi .  wimbledon champion murray loses 7-5 6-3 to the hard-hitting frenchman .  it was murray 's first match since undergoing back surgery in september .  david ferrer defeats stanislas wawrinka in straight sets in the other matc .
 'south park ' console game to debut next year <sec> `` south park : the game '' is set to hit stores in the second half of 2012 .  the game will be available for playstation 3 , xbox 360 and pcs .  it is a role-playing game , not a first-person shooter like the 1998 du .
 toddler 's death marks second time georgia mom loses a son to violence <sec> victim is cremated and remembered in a private service , his mother says .  the 13-month-old was shot dead in brunswick , georgia ; 2 teen suspects are in custody .  911 tapes reveal horror of neighbors who saw the aftermath of the shooting .  the mother 's 18-year-old son was stabbed to death in new jersey in 200 .
 thatcher who ? aussies mourn departure of 'other ' leading lady <sec> australian super mare black caviar retires after undefeated 25 wins .  country 's political leaders tweet accolades .  news bulletins lead on the 'wonder from down under ' celebrity horse .  yet more riches await in new career as a breeding mare , frankel possible mat .
 police : prostitution alleged at string of sexy latte stands <sec> 8 are arrested in connection to latte stands in washington state .  those arrested include the owner of 7 stands and a sheriff 's sergeant .  the stands had scantily clad baristas and names like java juggs , twin peak .
 smartphone users report more phone problems , survey says <sec> pew survey : phone problems plague the nearly nine of 10 u.s. adults who have a cell phone .  nearly 70 % of u.s. cell users receive unwanted sales calls or messages .  nearly eight in 10 smartphone users experience slow download speeds .  smartphone owners are more likely than owners of feature phones to experience problem .
 dea agent 's alleged killer ordered released in mexico <sec> dea : `` deeply troubled '' by pending release , will work `` vigorously '' for u.s. prosecution .  rafael caro quintero is serving time for the kidnapping and murder of a u.s. agent .  a court ruled that he was tried in the wrong judicial system in mexico .  as a result , his convictions are overturned ; he is still wanted by the united state .
 zaanse schans : where windmills turn into living history <sec> zaanse schans , netherlands is dotted with working windmill sites .  windmill de kat uses the wind to make paint out of stone .
 mf global collapse shows wall street needs tougher rules <sec> eric lewis : mf global 's demise shows regulation today no more effective than in 2008 .  mf global could be the `` first shoe dropping '' in european financial crisis , he writes .  lewis says investors in firms such as mf global often are pension funds , small players .  lewis : more , not less , regulation needed on taking excessive risks with investors ' mone .
 two faces emerge of dzhokhar tsarnaev before trial <sec> prosecutors portray dzhokhar tsarnaev as willful conspirator of mass destruction .  defense say his older brother was `` an all-powerful force who could not be ignored '' .  trial is scheduled to begin with jury selection on monda .
 tamerlan tsarnaev buried in virginia cemetery , to locals ' surprise <sec> `` it 's not a political thing ( but ) he ca n't bury himself , '' an islamic group official says .  the death certificate says tsarnaev is buried at al-barzakh muslim cemetery in virginia .  a christian woman spearheaded the effort to find a burial site , islamic group says .  local officials say they were n't consulted , though that 's `` standard practice '' for burial .
 deadly riots follow bangladesh death sentence <sec> riots claim dozens of lives after an islamist leader 's death sentence .  delwar hossain sayedee was convicted of war crimes dating back to 1971 .  his political party says the allegations are part of a smear campaig .
 the true story of carlos ghosn <sec> ghosn resurrected nissan from near bankruptcy after taking over in 1999 .  he has simultaneously been ceo of renault since may 2005 .  he has been portrayed as a comic book superhero in japa .
 dance , forget sleep in pamplona <sec> at the festival of san fermín , there 's dancing everywhere .  keep your belongings close to you , and do n't wander off .  check out san sebastián for a relaxing day trip afterwar .
 blair : i would have removed saddam hussein anyway <sec> former british pm tony blair tells bbc it was right to remove saddam hussein , sons from iraq .  blair faces a british inquiry into the country 's role in the 2003 conflict .  britain based its decision to go to war on evidence saddam had weapons of mass destruction .  critics argue blair government had exaggerated evidence to justify war on ira .
 search teams find 2nd victim of uk flooding <sec> woman 's body found in the river usk near the village of talybont , in mid wales .  talybont 250 miles south of cockermouth , england , which has also been badly hit by flooding .  20 road bridges in the region were closed tuesday , including seven that collapsed in floods .  68 flood watches and warnings were in place across england and wales wednesda .
 palace malice wins belmont stakes <sec> south carolina-bred palace malice outduels oxbow down the stretch to win .  kentucky derby winner orb comes in third .  `` it was really a sneaky good race , '' jockey mike smith says .  there were three different winners in the three triple crown race .
 clarence thomas releases details of wife 's past employment <sec> justice thomas releases details of his wife 's past employment .  a liberal group noted that information was omitted on financial disclosure forms .  thomas blames the omission on a misunderstandin .
 feds , family seek answers a year after kendrick johnson 's death <sec> new : original investigation was `` timely and properly prioritized and handled , '' investigators say .  georgia teen was found dead , rolled in a gym mat , nearly a year ago .  lowndes county sheriff 's office ruled the death an accident last year .  johnson 's parents think there 's more to the case ; a federal investigation is in progres .
