 fbi : powder in package sent to arizona congressman is 'nontoxic ' <sec> new : u.s. capitol police are working with the fbi on the investigation .  the fbi says the powder in a package sent to rep. raul grijalva is 'nontoxic ' .  a campaign spokesman says there were two swastikas on the package .  it is the third security issue at grijalva 's district offices this year , a spokesman say .
 obama pledges to continue haiti aid , says situation 'remains dire ' <sec> obama met wednesday with haitian president rene preval .  the two discussed relief , recovery and reconstruction efforts in haiti .  haiti had a massive 7.0-magnitude earthquake that struck january 12 .  u.s. will continue to be `` a steady and reliable partner , '' obama told preva .
 40th earth day a planet-wide movement <sec> kathleen rogers : more than a billion people to take part in the 40th earth day .  rogers : how nations like india , u.s. , china solve their future energy needs affects the world .  rogers says global economy will benefit if it no longer depends on fossil fuel .  she says problems ca n't wait ; renewable energy and green jobs are the futur .
 egg farm family apologizes for salmonella outbreak , promises reforms <sec> new : hillandale ceo takes the fifth amendment in salmonella hearing .  wright county egg owners say compliance fell off as the company grew .  congressman says farms had `` warning after warning '' about conditions .  protest and partisan friction punctuates the hearin .
 reports : colorado gunman posted anti-christian writings <sec> new : gunman copied columbine shooter 's writings in web postings .  matthew murray , who killed four sunday , worked at missionary center in 2002 .  he was left off mission trip for health reasons , center official says .  he performed marilyn manson , linkin park songs at concert , co-worker say .
 nancy reagan leaves hospital after breaking pelvis <sec> nancy reagan admitted herself to a hospital with a fractured pelvis tuesday .  reagan , 87 , returned to her bel air , california , home friday .  she previously was hospitalized for two days in february after a fal .
 bp chief to testify to uncertainty of efforts to stop oil leak <sec> bp ceo releases testimony to be read to congress on thursday .  no cap on bp 's $ 20 billion compensation fund , obama says .  bp chairman says board has decided not to pay any further dividends this year .  a $ 100 million fund also will be set up to help unemployed oil rig worker .
 opinion : what if the afghan elections actually work ? <sec> americans are dubious about the afghanistan war , questioning what it achieved .  peter bergen says attention should be paid to the robust election campaign .  candidates seeking to succeed hamid karzai are debating , voters are listening , he says .  bergen : despite taliban , afghanistan could see its first democratic transfer of powe .
 box office report : 'resident evil ' outswims 'nemo ' with $ 21.1 million <sec> `` resident evil : retribution '' opened at the top of the box office .  `` the master '' had one of the best opening weekends of all time in limited release .  `` finding nemo '' came in secon .
 woman knocks down pope at mass ; christmas celebrations begin <sec> woman tried to reach pope at start of midnight mass .  christmas midnight mass held at 10 p.m. ; some say because of health concerns for pope .  celebrants in bethlehem joined the latin patriarch fouad twal for a midnight mass .  outside church of the nativity , faithful gathered along with heavily armed palestinian polic .
 groups : at least 71 dead in syria as security forces , protesters clash <sec> new : a doctor in hama says more than 100 people were killed in and around the city .  `` people here are not scared any more , '' one resident says .  u.s. president barack obama calls the situation in hama `` horrifying '' .  state media reports that `` armed groups '' are terrorizing citizen .
 sharon osbourne goes off on u2 over their free album <sec> sharon osbourne tweeted her feelings about the free u2 album .  she called the band middle-aged political groupies .  osbourne later explained she felt it set a bad preceden .
 seven-time champion federer suffers shock defeat <sec> seven-time winner roger federer beaten in second round .  defending champion loses in four sets to ukraine 's sergiy stakhovsky .  stakhovsky ranked 116th in the world .  andy murray through to third round , jo-wilfried tsonga ou .
 twitter newbie rupert murdoch following fake account <sec> news corporation 's rupert murdoch starts twitter life by following fake `` larry page '' .  the account resembles google 's larry page but is in fact part of a college project .  so far , the media mogul is following four accounts on twitter .  two of the four accounts murdoch follows are tech ceo .
 syrian government non-committal on more talks <sec> secretary kerry says syria is failing to comply with chemical weapons deal .  u.n. mediator lakhdar brahimi calls peace talks a `` modest beginning '' .  negotiations on halting syria 's civil war are supposed to resume feb. 10 .  meanwhile , syria has failed to hand over known chemical weapons on tim .
 amazing first-class air cabins <sec> as airlines stave off bankruptcy , there seems to be a shield around the almighty first class .  first class on swiss offers a spacious executive desk that converts to a dining table .  the dubai-based carrier emirates offer showers for first-class passenger .
 violence fears in thailand as attempt to shut down bangkok begins <sec> amnesty international urges thai authorities to respect human rights during protest .  anti-government protesters have said they will shut down bangkok , starting monday .  u.n. secretary general urges all sides to `` show restraint , avoid provocative acts '' .  authorities say eight people have died and 470 have been injured since protests bega .
 hong kong 's sky slums highlight wealth gap <sec> hong kong 's illegal rooftop slums boast one of the best cityscape views .  high property prices and widening income gap force residents to live in rooftop slums .  government estimates almost 4,000 rooftop dwellers , a drastic drop from 16,000 since 200 .
 ukrainian military helicopter shot down ; 14 dead , president says <sec> u.s. official : tens of thousands of russian troops along border have been moving back .  acting president says russian grenade launcher downed helicopter .  donetsk governor says he is in talks with separatist leaders , aims to calm situation .  self-declared separatist mayor of slovyansk says militants hold 4 missing osce monitor .
 commentary : why hate crimes are different <sec> levin , mcdevitt : senate to vote on matthew shepard hate crime bill .  they say loopholes in existing laws require new legislation .  they say bill would provide federal help to localities fighting hate crime .  levin , mcdevitt : hate crimes target pluralistic societies along with victim .
 tv 's '24'-hour hero returns <sec> jack bauer returns to tv with event series `` 24 : live another day '' .  the character does n't quite fit the current antihero trend .  but the reason he became so popular is because of his `` get it done '' attitud .
 tiburon resident : angel island fire 'still ripping ' <sec> blaze not contained , firefighting efforts could last four days , official says .  ireporter : `` it 's just the saddest thing because there 's no way to stop it '' .  blaze burning vegetation near the top of mount livermore 's 788-foot peak .  all park workers , campers are safe , fire official say .
 woman rescued from rubble week after haiti quake <sec> ena zizi , in her 70s , lasted seven days in rubble near national cathedral .  zizi taken to clinic , though it does n't have the operating facilities needed to treat her .  woman 's son : we never gave up hope that she 'd be found .  rescue crews believe two other people may be alive under wreckage nearb .
 pope francis , the pontiff of firsts , breaks with tradition <sec> pope francis refused to stand on an elevated platform , a cardinal says .  francis will meet with his predecessor on thursday , vatican says .  jorge bergoglio , breaks with tradition , asks crowd to pray for him .  request is a break with tradition , the vatican say .
 wind , trees fuel oklahoma city fire 's push northward <sec> new : fire moves north , threatening northern suburban city of edmond .  new : blaze is `` going to travel through a heavily wooded area , '' fire chief says .  new : edmond initiates robocalls urging evacuations in southern part of city .  another fire breaks out in southeast oklahoma city on wednesda .
 nasa posters advertise space tourism <sec> nasa 's jet propulsion laboratory has produced vintage-style posters advertising trips to new planets .  posters evoke golden age of travel from last century with classic art deco graphics and fonts .  actual travel to newly discovered planets is unlikely for now as they 're trillions of miles awa .
 justices divided over international child custody dispute <sec> case involves girl living with mother in scotland ; husband is in u.s . .  custody case tests bounds of international treaty over custody rights .  an eventual ruling could establish an important preceden .
 trainer handed eight-year ban for doping horses appeals sentence <sec> horse racing trainer mahmood al zarooni appeals eight-year ban from sport .  al zarooni admitted administering anabolic steroids to 15 top thoroughbreds .  horses in question also suspended from running for six months .  al zarooni 's appeal date is yet to be confirmed by british horseracing authorit .
 reports : russian pianist arrested in thailand on child sex charges <sec> acclaimed russian pianist mikhail pletnev arrested in thailand .  he was questioned on allegations of rape involving an under-age boy .  thai court allowing pletnev to leave the countr .
 5 things we learned in monday 's debate <sec> foreign policy was theme of last debate , but economic issues also got attention .  barack obama and mitt romney in sharp exchanges , but showdown less contentious overall .  obama played 'commander-in-chief ' card to highlight foreign policy decisionmaking .  romney talked about vision for country without having to defend a foreign policy recor .
 charges announced against n.j. state troopers in 'death race 2012 ' <sec> new jersey ag announces criminal charges against state troopers .  troopers were involved in unauthorized high speed police escort of sports cars .  incident dubbed `` death race 2012 '' by local media in marc .
 some indian sailors dead after submarine explosion in mumbai <sec> new : the defense minister confirms some deaths but does n't say how many .  about 18 people were reportedly on board when the blast happened .  rescue efforts are still under way .  the russian-built submarine has mostly sunk following the explosion and blaz .
 12 relationship poltergeists and how to get them out of your house <sec> throw out that unopened packet of curry you bought with your ex -- it 's not a memento .  the conversation about where to spend christmas can resurrect unhappy spirits .  nothing kills your sex life like embarassing bedroom memorie .
 bullying , alcohol , drugs - australian swim team was 'toxic ' <sec> independent review criticizes `` toxic '' culture of australia 's olympic swimming team .  report accuses swimmers of getting drunk , using prescription drugs , bullying teammates .  swimming australia says it is already addressing issues after disappointing london 2012 .  australian swimmers failed to win more than one gold medal for first time since 199 .
 'casablanca ' piano will be played again <sec> the piano was used in a famous scene from the 1942 film `` casablanca '' .  it was auctioned off to a private collector .  the sale was greeted by applause at sotheby ' .
 debate advice : obama , light a cig ; romney , throw deep <sec> cnn asked two political contributors for advice for the presidential debaters .  paul begala , a democrat , says romney should admit flaws in gop orthodoxy .  alex castellanos , a republican , says obama should relax , act presidential .  he urges obama to signal to political center that he will focus on cutting spendin .
 15 dead in attack on mogadishu hotel <sec> al-shabaab was behind the attack , a spokesman for the group says .  deputy prime minister suffered minor injuries ; 2 parliamentarians died .  police say the attack involved a car bombing , suicide blast and gunfir .
 missouri levee fails ; prompting more evacuations <sec> 59 people rescued in poplar bluff area .  levee fails , sending water rushing into rural part of butler county , missouri .  missouri 's governor has enlisted the national guard in the flood figh .
 milk scandal-tainted sanlu files for bankruptcy <sec> sanlu was one of china 's leading dairy producers .  some chinese dairy plants added melamine to milk products to boost protein levels .  ingesting melamine can lead to kidney stones , eye and skin irritation , experts say .  official : melamine was found in nearly 70 milk products from more than 20 firm .
 election fatigue ? 6 spots to stick your head in the sand <sec> heard enough of the election ? .  consider a sunny getaway .  with coasts on both sides , costa rica offers sun , sand and quiet .  or drop off the map in far-flung tahit .
 italian lawmaker compares black politician to orangutan , causes uproar <sec> integration minister cecile kyenge is a congolese-born italian citizen .  sen. roberto calderoli is a member of the anti-immigration northern league .  italian prime minister enrico letta deplores the rhetori .
 doha - round table highlights <sec> first principal voices round table debate takes place in doha , qatar .  olafur grimsson states `` it usually takes a crisis to bring about change '' .  joseph adelegan calls for aid to help poor countries find alternatives to fossil fuel .
 scudamore : no chance of european breakaway league <sec> cnn sport speaks exclusively to english premier league chief executive richard scudamore .  scudamore reveals there is `` no chance '' of top european clubs forming a breakaway league .  he also rejects sandro rossell 's recent comments about european matches on a weeken .
 hong kong school year starts with hunger strikes <sec> protesters threatening student strikes , teacher boycotts if government does not drop chinese civic education subject .  residents have decried subject as attempt to `` brainwash '' impressionable young minds with pro-china propaganda .  16 protestors have participated in hunger strikes outside government headquarters .  government is urging discussion , rather than keeping subject or throwing it ou .
 boko haram attack : bodies still litter bushes <sec> angelina jolie calls on the united states and others to assist nigeria .  `` bodies litter the bushes in the area , '' a resident says .  some residents hid in their homes and were burned alive ; others trying to flee are stranded on a mosquito-infested islan .
 first conviction in slaying of border agent whose case had 'fast and furious ' link <sec> mexican man pleads guilty but does not admit to shooting brian terry in 2010 .  manuel osorio-arellanes says he and others were looking to steal marijuana from traffickers .  guns linked to botched 'fast and furious ' operation found at scene , but no evidence either used in killing .  another suspect awaits extradition in mexico ; three others at larg .
 rare set of all-girl quintuplets born in u.s . <sec> rare set of female quintuplets was born this month in houston , texas .  the girls were born via c-section at 28 weeks and two days .  another family kept the news of twins secret until birt .
 pakistan : indian troops cross border , kill soldier ; india says pakistan fired first <sec> new : india says pakistan started firing first .  indian soldiers crossed the line of control on sunday morning , pakistan says .  pakistan says one of its soldiers is critically injure .
 principal comes out at school 's gay pride day <sec> high school principal in washington comes out at school 's gay pride day .  pete cahall tells students , `` i am liberated today '' .  cahall was inspired by openly gay professional athlete .
 new york braces for another gotti trial <sec> junior gotti , son of late `` teflon don , '' set to go on trial in federal court .  gotti is accused of racketeering , participating in two drug murders .  original indictment was filed in tampa , florida ; case moved to new york .  gotti 's lawyers say case is part of government effort to convict him at any cos .
 the stars were out on tv new year 's eve <sec> there were plenty of celebs on tv new year 's eve .  ryan seacrest hosted `` dick clark 's new year 's rocking eve '' .  kathy griffin and anderson cooper teased each other on cn .
 ohio family : hospital 'botched ' transplant , threw out kidney <sec> man tried to donate kidney to his older sister in toledo , ohio .  nurse mistakenly disposed of kidney in medical waste , lawsuit says .  medical center denies gross negligence , apologizes to famil .
 pakistan taliban claim mosque attack that killed 19 <sec> gunmen and a suicide bomber attack a mosque in peshawar , police say .  attack is revenge for the government 's december execution of a militant , pakistan taliban say .  the group says the attack 's orchestrator is a commander who it previously said planned a december school massacr .
 pakistan lodges protest with india over soldier 's killing in kashmir <sec> pakistan 's foreign office summoned india 's high commissioner .  pakistan 's foreign secretary wants india to investigate a shooting incident .  pakistan accused indian soldiers of killing one of its soldiers in the disputed kashmir region .  india has accused pakistan of killing two of its soldiers in the flashpoint regio .
 'sci-fi food hall ' opens in netherlands <sec> rotterdam 's new food hall resembles vast intergalactic installation .  markthal features a huge arch containing more than 200 apartments .  it 's built to comply with new dutch laws that require food markets to be under cove .
 do n't mock tim tebow <sec> tim tebow is proving to be a winning quarterback for the denver broncos .  william bennett says tebow displays his faith on the field , and gets criticism .  he says some scoff at tebow or mock him .  bennett : tebow is the kind of role model fans should valu .
 is georesonance on to something ? <sec> australian company is urging official flight 370 searchers to revisit bay of bengal .  georesonance says it has detected an object that could be a commercial airliner .  georesonance : the site is about 120 miles south of bangladesh .  company says it went public because official searchers did n't respond to the .
 news team secretly film appalling conditions of rohingya refugees <sec> news team secretly film desperate condition of rohingya asylum seekers in thailand .  276 rohingya men sit cross legged on the floor of two cells designed to hold just 15 people eac .  men are among 1,700 ethnic rohingya from myanmar who are being held in appalling conditions .  each year , tens of thousands ethnic rohingya from myanmar 's arakan state flee persecutio .
 'the view ' adds 2 new co-hosts <sec> `` the view '' will have a host of changes when it returns september 15 .  among the updates are two new co-hosts .  rosie perez and nicolle wallace join whoopi goldberg and rosie o'donnel .
 'sons of anarchy ' casts courtney love <sec> courtney love will guest star in `` sons of anarchy 's '' final season .  she has a multi-episode arc as a preschool teacher .  she joins other newcomers annabeth gish and marilyn manso .
 photography takes filipino maid from hong kong to nyc <sec> filipino maid xyza cruz bacani has won a photography fellowship in new york .  attracted international attention with moving black and white street shots .  bacani moved to hong kong to work as a domestic helper when she was 1 .
 shooting suspect on tennessee university campus captured <sec> new : a shooting suspect is arrested at middle tennessee state , a spokesman says .  new : the lockdown at the school has been called off , and have police confiscated a gun .  new : the victim was shot in the hand and brought to a local hospital , the spokesman say .
 the funniest tweets of the # blackout , er super bowl <sec> the wisecrackers of twitter were in full voice during sunday 's super bowl .  many tweets poked fun at the 35-minute power outage that interrupted the game .  jokesters also took aim at beyonce , the harbaugh brothers and the commercial .
 hundreds of civilians killed in iraqi violence in august <sec> a series of bombings wednesday target police officers .  the august toll includes 295 civilians killed .  in july , the number of people killed was the highest since may 2008 .  obama on tuesday officially ended the u.s. combat role in the natio .
