 police investigate human cannonball death <sec> police have launched an investigation into the death of a daredevil who died monday .  the incident occurred during scott may 's daredevil stunt show in england .  police say a safety net failed during the stunt .  all daredevil stunt shows have been cancelled pending the outcome of the investigatio .
 bill clinton not persuaded by iran on nuclear weapons <sec> `` they do n't have a tenable position , '' bill clinton says of tehran 's stance .  if tehran were to get a nuclear weapon , `` the retaliation would be incomprehensible , '' he says .  ahmadinejad says iran 's nuclear program is intended solely for peaceful purpose .
 no more military housing for kids pouring over border <sec> around 7,700 children have been sent to military bases in texas , oklahoma and california .  department of health and human services said it 's arranging other types of housing .  hhs says if there 's another surge of children crossing border , bases might be used agai .
 could merkel be the most powerful female politician ever ? <sec> merkel wins third term as german chancellor after elections on sunday .  despite being described as frugal , cold and boring , forbes named merkel world 's most powerful female in may .  merkel 's scientific background means she tackles problems in a calm , analytical manne .
 robot makers not thrilled to be stuck next to justin bieber <sec> entrepreneurs had misfortune of a ces booth next to where justin bieber was appearing .  rubberneckers overwhelmed their xybotyx booth , but not to see their robot .  startup co-founder : `` it 's the best of times , it 's the worst of times .
 should you trust your doctor ? <sec> michigan oncologist arrested for allegedly running multimillion-dollar medicare fraud scheme .  dr. anthony youn : i see cases all the time where doctors do n't put patients ' needs first .  research your doctor , ask for second opinions , be cautious of doctors who advertise too muc .
 who is 'blade runner ' oscar pistorius ? <sec> oscar pistorius was the first double amputee to compete at an able-bodied olympics .  he described the summer of 2012 as a `` dream come true '' after paralympic gold .  the south african had both legs amputated below the knee when he was 11 months old .  he started playing sport at an early age and became a role model for people worldwid .
 jared remy , son of red sox announcer , guilty of killing fiancee <sec> jared remy was sentenced to life in prison in the stabbing death of jennifer martel .  remy was charged with assaulting his fiancee two days before he killed her .  martel told police `` slammed her face against a mirror '' during an argument .  remy 's father , jerry , is a boston red sox announcer and former playe .
 'impaired perceptions ' : photographer rejects first impressions <sec> brian steel 's `` impaired perceptions '' photography exhibit showed in 2012 .  steel has severe muscle weakness from congenital fiber-type disproportion .  you should n't let anyone tell you what you 're capable of , steel say .
 marieme jamme : shaping africa 's tech revolution <sec> senegalese-born marieme jamme is highly renowned in the africa tech scene and beyond .  she runs a uk-based company that helps it companies gain a foothold in emerging markets .  jamme has also set up a platform that brings together leading voices to share ideas about africa 's development .  she is a mentor to young africans , helping them to start businesse .
 pakistan 's 9/11 ( opinion ) <sec> peter bergen : killing of more than 130 children at pakistan school shocks a nation .  he says it 's an indication of irreparable breach between pakistan military and taliban .  bergen : military sees its main enemy as internal terrorists rather than historic foe india .  he says pakistani military says it has killed more than 1,000 terrorists in north wazirista .
 new york attorney general challenges defense of marriage act <sec> he says doma violates same-sex couples ' constitutional right to equal protection under the law .  act defines marriage as unions between a man and woman , excludes same-sex unions .  challenge is part of case in which same-sex marriage widow had to pay estate taxes .  new york 's first legally recognized gay marriages took place sunda .
 opinion : is diplomacy the harder solution in syria ? <sec> military analyst says people should not underestimate the demands of a diplomatic solution .  he says inspecting , destroying syria 's chemical weapons would require `` boots on the ground '' .  inserting troops and inspectors into the middle of a raging civil war is a daunting task , he say .
 # askacop becomes trending forum for vents about police <sec> cnn starts # askacop so people can pose police questions amid great debate .  many twitter users pick up on the hashtag , using it to vent at police officers .  some suggest black people are treated differently , more at risk from police .  `` just take a look at # askacop '' to see public 's view of police , one man tweet .
 dozens die in kenya bus crash <sec> the bus overturned in predawn hours on a highway connecting nairobi with the east .  basic road safety laws are lacking in kenya , the who says .  who : roads in the east are very dangerous .  speeding is a particular proble .
 video : taliban shoot woman 9 times in public execution as men cheer <sec> the nato-led isaf and the united states condemn the execution .  the provincial governor says taliban officials faked a charge of adultery as an excuse .  afghan lawmaker fawzia koofi weeps as she sees the video .  the execution is the latest in a long line of violence against women in afghanista .
 'serious contamination ' threat from africa 's mounting e-waste <sec> e-waste imported from the west is sold in local electronics stores in nigeria .  most of the imported hardware does n't work and is abandoned at dumpsites .  locals endanger their health by burning cables , dismantling old equipment .  computer aid distributes working computers to local villagers , businesse .
 family of alleged hate-killing victim opposes death penalty in case <sec> james anderson 's family opposes the death penalty for religious and historical reasons .  `` our loss will not be lessened by the state taking the life of another , '' they say .  deryl dedmon jr. , 19 , is charged with murder in the cas .
 why america does n't like mitt romney <sec> lz granderson : polls show americans favorable on obama , not favorable on romney .  he says romney 's unpopularity stems from his sense of entitlement , disregard for others .  he says romney fails to realize that part of our strength is our dependence on each other .  granderson : romney 's likeability problem does n't mean people wo n't vote for his ticke .
 ask park ji-sung your questions <sec> park ji-sung is the first korean to play in the champions league final .  he has just lead the south korean national team to the world cup finals .  sir alex ferguson calls him `` a very important player '' for united .  sound off : what do you want to ask park ji-sung .
 libya 's artists : we are the 'true ' libya <sec> a newfound freedom of speech has been embraced by libyan musicians and artists .  one libyan rocker : `` it 's an amazing feeling i 've never had in my life '' .  the artists say the libyan rebels have weapons , but they 're not terrorist .
 the greatest stage spectacles on earth <sec> discover six of the names turning festival visuals into an art form in their own right .  live edm events have exploded in popularity , and become eye-popping experiences .  tech developments are allowing never-before-seen experience .
 another winter storm whacks mid-atlantic , northeast <sec> power outages in 16 states and dc down to 525,000 from 625,000 .  at least 16 deaths are linked to storm , including 3 while shoveling snow in maryland .  some 625,000 customers are without power ; nearly 6,500 flights are canceled .  n.c. governor says , `` '' we have not seen a storm like this in decades .
 happy festivus ! now air your grievances <sec> festivus was popularized by `` seinfeld '' in the show 's ninth season .  since then , fans have celebrated the anti-consumerism holiday .  it was based on a real family tradition of show writer dan o'keef .
 is uk set to become europe 's economic star ? <sec> the uk economy expected to grow 3.1 % this year , according to the ey item club .  employment is at record-high , but wages are growing at the slowest rate on record .  many economists are also warning the uk about a potential housing bubbl .
 obama urges national commitment to help boys of color - cnnpolitics.com <sec> the president 's `` my brother 's keeper '' task force issues its first report .  it cites six key milestones in growing up that predict future success .  the report urges mentoring , literacy programs and justice reforms .  the initiative includes investments of $ 200 million from private group .
 hagel : al qaeda kills american hostage during u.s. raid <sec> state department did n't know other hostage was south african , official tells cnn .  luke somers `` was really dedicated to yemen , '' acquaintance tells cnn .  somers , a photojournalist , was captured in september last year .  south african hostage pierre korkie was to be released on sunda .
 selma : the real story <sec> new film 'selma ' tells story of violent repression of civil rights protests , leading to enactment of voting rights act .  julian zelizer says the film gets most of the story right but misrepresents lbj 's rol .
 florida couple claims steroids sold to pro athletes , sheriff says <sec> couple arrested in central florida on anabolic steroid possession charges .  claim they sold steroids to professional athletes in district of columbia , sheriff says .  richard thomas says he sold steroids to pro baseball , hockey players , sheriff say .
 juror , witness facebook exchange threatens tennessee murder conviction <sec> william darelle smith went on trial in 2010 for first-degree murder .  a doctor who did the victim 's autopsy testified , then was contacted by a juror .  the trial judge did n't order a hearing into that interaction ; high court says he erred .  state supreme court orders such a hearing , which could lead to a new tria .
 eastern europe 's golf revolution <sec> golf has made progress in eastern europe since the collapse of communism .  developments in bulgaria have seen six courses open in the past eight years .  gary player has designed courses in several eastern european countries .  the region has a great potential for development of golf in the futur .
 flavor flav arrested on assault , battery charges <sec> police say he got into an altercation with his fiancee , then threatened her son .  it is not clear whether the musician has a lawyer .  flavor flav was a member of the rap group `` public enemy .
 disruptions drown out debate at health care meetings <sec> town hall meetings across the country have turned into shouting matches .  `` stunts '' are taking the focus off the real debate , mark halperin says .  `` people are just getting information that 's flat wrong , '' sen. mccaskill says .  others defend outbursts as indication of opposition to obama 's pla .
 isis war : why 'mission creep ' wo n't expand it ( opinion ) <sec> some fear the fight against isis could expand via `` mission creep '' .  julian zelizer : today 's presidents constrained by factors that make another vietnam unlikely .  zelizer : presidents no longer have the draft and immense budget resources for war .  he says public , chastened by recent wars , is in no mood for major military operation .
 lindsay lohan will star on london 's west end <sec> lohan will play karen in the production .  the play is directed by lindsay posner .  lohan 's most recent film work was 2013′s `` the canyons .
 yemen offers dialogue with al qaeda <sec> the offer is in hopes of reaching a long-term cease-fire .  al qaeda currently controls large areas of two yemeni provinces .  the group has not yet responded to the offe .
 weiner 's wife returns as pressure mounts for his resignation <sec> new : woman says weiner asked her to lie about their communication .  new : `` all right , my package and i are not going to beg , '' reads one e-mail from weiner , according to lee 's lawyer .  rep. weiner has admitted `` sexting '' with several women and lying about it .  weiner 's wife has been traveling with her boss , secretary of state clinto .
 anna nicole smith 's slurred intro of kanye west hits court <sec> video played at preliminary hearing on reality star smith 's death .  3 charged with conspiracy to prescribe , administer and dispense drugs .  howard stern , khristine eroshevich , sandeep kapoor have pleaded not guilt .
 apple cuts prices on macbooks <sec> apple says it 's cutting the price of its 13-inch macbook pro with retina display .  the laptop now starts at $ 1,499 for 128gb , $ 200 less than before .  apple also took the price of its 13-inch macbook air down by $ 10 .
 pakistan cricket chief seeks talks with runaway haider <sec> pakistan cricket board is still trying to locate zulqarnain haider , who has fled to london .  haider went missing from team hotel in dubai after allegedly being threatened .  wicketkeeper was due to play in a one-day international against south africa on monday .  reports claim haider received threats after a winning innings in a previous matc .
 officials : earth liberation front members indicted in fire <sec> 3 michigan residents and an ohio resident named in conspiracy , arson counts .  they are said to have set fire to an agriculture research building at michigan state .  fire nine years ago caused $ 1 million in damage and loss of research records .  michigan state police chief called fire 'a significant act of domestic terrorism .
 why eurovision song contest should not be held in azerbaijan <sec> maran turner says eurovision is an opportunity for international advocacy to do good .  the very autocratic government `` cracks down on any dissent , '' says turner .  the council of europe has called for alternative civil service to be permitted .  she says it is ironic that europe 's most beloved singing contest is held in azerbaija .
 nigeria and egypt cruise into last eight <sec> nigeria joined group c rivals egypt in the quarterfinals of the africa cup of nations after they completed a 3-0 victory over mozambique . .  osaze odemwingie struck either side of halftime break for nigeria before obafemi martins scored five minute from time . .  defending champions egypt cruised into the knockout stages with a 100 percent record after a routine 2-0 victory over benin . .  egypt qualified with nine points and nigeria went through with six while benin and mozambique ended with just a point apiece .
 joe biden : bibi and i are 'still buddies ' - cnnpolitics.com <sec> vice president joe biden said that he and benjamin netanyahu are `` still buddies . '' .  his comments come after an obama administration official had harsh words about the israeli leader .
 is there room for republicans at universities ? <sec> court heard case of woman who says she was rejected for job for being conservative .  will cain says evidence showed her qualifications were superior to those of others .  she says 46 of the 50 faculty members are democrats ; one is republican .  cain says that rejecting her for ideological reasons is unconstitutional and ignoran .
 henrik stenson defends dp world tour championship <sec> henrik stenson wins dp world tour championship for second year running .  stenson lands first win of 2014 at jumeirah golf estates in dubai .  the swede set to move up to second in world rankings after victor .
 figuring out the magic of woodstock <sec> woodstock festival was 40 years ago saturday .  festival represents idealism , music , money , mud , depending on who you ask .  festival co-creator : it was the audience who `` created a legend .
 myanmar 's military leader accorded red-carpet welcome in india <sec> gen. than shwe is on a five-day trip to india .  the countries have strong diplomatic and economic ties .  bilateral trade between india and myanmar has soared to almost $ 1 billion .  the junta leader 's visit comes after u.s. asks india and other neighbors to push for refor .
 apparent 6th severed foot found in british columbia <sec> shoe with what appears to be human foot found on riverbank , canadian police say .  if it is a human foot , it would be the sixth found in british columbia since 2007 .  all of the separated feet were found washed ashore in running shoes .  authorities investigating multiple possibilities , including foul play and a plane cras .
 qantas to cut 5,000 jobs <sec> qantas ceo alan joyce says the company needs $ 2 billion in savings .  some of the jobs will come from management positions .  joyce says virgin australia has an unfair advantage in the country .  qantas will sell some of its planes and push back the orders on some new one .
 in haiti 's outlying areas : 'when will they come to help us ? ' <sec> in leogane , haiti , earthquake victims still need water , food and shelter .  people in outlying areas of haiti worry they 've been forgotten in relief plans .  more than 500 aid agencies operating ; 15 met with leogane officials saturda .
 romney offers politics , not a plan , on afghanistan <sec> blake hounshell : obama got bin laden but has n't brought stability to afghanistan .  enter mitt romney , he says , who denounces obama but whose positions are all over the place .  he says romney would do about same as obama ; afghanistan is an intractable conflict .  hounshell : u.s. will leave afghanistan under romney or obama ; not easy , but necessar .
 volunteers turn out to protect arlington national cemetery <sec> landscapers volunteer during annual `` renewal and remembrance '' project .  95 companies participated monday at arlington national cemetery .  volunteers take on several projects including irrigation , lightning protectio .
 only thing burning at cher 's house is desire <sec> security crews at cher 's house set off false alarm .  emergency vehicles zoomed over , though for naught .  cheeky comment from cher 's publicist : `` many cute firemen and paramedics .
 q & a ; : why is syria violence worsening now ? <sec> cnn 's nic robertson recently returned from a rare look inside syria .  he says violence in syria is significantly worse since full force of army unleashed .  president bashar al-assad has decided to crush uprising once and for all , robertson says .  he says outside monitors ca n't stop violence ; their presence could play into al-assad 's hand .
 djokovic and murray in london showdown ; janowicz paris heroics <sec> novak djokovic and andy murray drawn in same group at atp world tour finals .  defending champion roger federer heads other section in london next week .  qualifier jerzy janowicz of poland reaches paris masters final .  czech republic lead serbia 2-0 in the fed cup fina .
 shania twain announces final tour <sec> twain is heading out on a 48-city tour .  tickets go on sale march 13 .  it will be her farewell tou .
 ebola cases now top 16,000 , u.n. agency says <sec> the world health organization reports nearly 7,000 ebola deaths .  the vast majority of cases have been in guinea , liberia , sierra leone .  about 60 % of those infected have died from ebola , who report .
 'cyber cannibals ' spreading fear in china <sec> chinese online stalkers are using `` human flesh search '' to target perceived wrong-doers .  one admitted cyber cannibal told cnn he was part of a group that outed a so-called cat killer .  film maker wang jing has made a documentary about the phenomenon .  wang jieyu says he is now afraid of being recognized and abuse .
 ferrari designer creates super luxurious train <sec> yamagata-born ken okuyama designed jr east 's new cruise train , due to debut in 2017 .  okuyama has designed for porshe and pininfarina -- the company that designs ferrari and maserati .  cruise train to have 10 carriages that hold maximum of 34 passenger .
 texas burning 'from border to border ' <sec> new : forest service responded to 4 new fires wednesday totaling more than 1,000 acres .  evacuation orders were lifted for coke county and palo pinto , texas .  possum kingdom resident jackie fewell has set up a blog to provide updates .  new fires emerge in stephens and garza counties in northern texa .
 crouch gives tottenham famous victory in san siro <sec> tottenham hotspur beat ac milan 1-0 in the san siro with peter crouch scoring .  gennaro gatusso clashes with tottenham assistant joe jordan at end of champions league tie .  raul scores as schalke draw 1-1 in valencia in their last 16 first leg gam .
 judge : tom delay to serve 3 years in prison <sec> delay sentenced to 3 years on the conspiracy charge , 5 years on the money-laundering charge .  the judge will allow 10 years community service and probation in lieu of the laundering sentence .  delay faced up to 99 years for money laundering and 20 years on the conspiracy charge .  delay : `` i ca n't feel remorseful for something i do n't think i did .
 turkish police fire plastic bullets as anti-government protests rage <sec> the turkish lira is dropping against the dollar .  the crisis intensified this week .  protesters chant `` help , there are thieves .
