 the potential danger of dietary supplements ( opinion ) <sec> new york attorney general told retailers to cease store-branded herbal supplement sales .  david seres : unregulated supplements make outrageous , unsubstantiated claims on healt .
 afghan dog finds new life in britain <sec> bear the dog was born into poverty , had ears and tail chopped off for dogfighting .  unknown soldier in afghanistan first found bear last year .  royal marines made preparations with company and locals to transport dogs .  marine : `` it shows that the people of afghanistan and us , we can work together .
 on election day , nor'easter to bring chill to sandy survivors <sec> roughly 94 % of schools in new york city are open .  a forecast nor'easter could complicate recovery efforts .  new york governor says `` displaced '' should n't mean `` disenfranchised '' .  a long islander is more worried about looters than votin .
 it 's a good year to be channing tatum <sec> channing tatum has had a successful year with `` the vow '' and `` 21 jump street '' .  `` magic mike '' is poised to help push his career to a new level .  source : when you talk about who 's the next big movie star , it 's channing tatu .
 death toll rises to 98 in india train crash <sec> at least 98 people killed after passenger train jumps track and slams into freight train .  police say suspects removed rail fasteners from tracks to cause crash .  police have identified several maoist rebel suspects , but have not made any arrests .  home minister calls wreck `` sabotage .
 mickelson flirts with history in wire-to-wire phoenix win <sec> phil mickelson wins for the first time in a year at the phoenix open in arizona .  veteran american beats brandt snedeker by four shots at tpc scottsdale .  he leads from start to finish after four rounds of flirting with pga tour history .  his final total is just two shots off the best winning total on the u.s. circui .
 loved ones reflect on those killed in nyc blast <sec> new : an eighth body is recovered , says a fire spokesman .  police identify another victim , andreas panagopoulos .  `` in one word , devastating , '' is how ntsb investigator describes scene .  at least one person is unaccounted for , police sa .
 alternate 'mona lisa ' unveiled <sec> a leonardo da vinci expert says the claim is worth further research .  swiss foundation unveils what it claims is a predecessor to `` mona lisa '' .  an oxford university professor cast doubt on its authenticity .  the mona lisa foundation exists solely to research this one paintin .
 ben & jerry 's bagels ? chick-fil-a 's burgers ? <sec> some famous fast food joints originally planned to cook up something else .  high cost of bagel equipment sent ben and jerry into ice cream business .  creator of popeye chicken started out selling doughnuts .  dunkin ' donuts ' founder started out with truck delivering breakfast , lunch to factorie .
 african voices : ian khama <sec> botswana 's president ian khama talks to cnn on 'african voices ' .  former military general and son of botswana 's first president .  botswana is one of africa 's success stories although hiv and aids are rif .
 feds seize over $ 17 million in fake nfl goods , super bowl tickets <sec> u.s. immigration and customs enforcement led `` operation red zone '' .  agents seized $ 17.3 million in unlicensed nfl garments and more .  they also nabbed 168 fake super bowl tickets valued at $ 154,000 , feds say .  41 people were arrested and 313 websites were shut dow .
 australia gdp surges in first quarter <sec> australia 's resource-rich economy expanded at twice the pace expected by economists .  gross domestic product advanced 1.3 percent from the previous quarter .  was the fastest acceleration in economic growth in five year .
 california earthquake : offshore 6.9 magnitude temblor shakes coast <sec> 6.9 quake centered in pacific shakes northern california , oregon , on sunday night .  bartender in ferndale , california : `` it was n't a jolter ; it was a wave . '' .  more than 15 aftershocks reported within five hour .
 new hampshire congressman calls catholic bishop a 'pedophile pimp ' <sec> d.j . .  bettencourt made the comments on his facebook page .  the comments follow a rally thursday where the bishop criticized state budget cuts .  the bishop was pressured to resign in 2003 after his diocese settled sexual abuse lawsuit .
 torture video threatens u.s.-uae nuclear deal <sec> obama sends nuclear agreement with the united arab emirates to the senate .  recently released video shows member of uae royal family torturing a man .  co-chair of congressional human rights commission opposes dea .
 document your life on video -- without annoying your friends <sec> thanks to smartphones and flip cameras , shooting ( and posting ) video is easier than ever .  be thoughtful and give everyone the heads-up before you start filming .  nothing screams amateurish like a camera whipping from subject to subjec .
 state by state : isaac lingers in louisiana , soaks region <sec> louisiana : levee intentionall breached to drain water from flooded communities .  florida : coast guard searches for missing person .  mississippi : there are more than 76,000 customers without power .  arkansas : thousands also lost powe .
 gary oldman apologizes for remarks <sec> gary oldman apologizes for remarks in playboy interview .  his statements about hypocrisy and mel gibson controversial .  anti-defamation league said words feed into anti-semitic beliefs .  jewish organization finds apology `` insufficient .
 obama , clinton vow to defend gay rights , adding 'it 's not who we are as americans ' <sec> president obama pledges to end discrimination against gays and lesbians .  obama says nation is closer than its ever been to repealing `` do n't ask , do n't tell '' policy .  obama and secretary of state hillary clinton addressed separate gay pride events .  clinton says u.s. embassies being asked to report on lesbian , gay , bisexual and transgender rights issue .
 russia bus explosion : 6 dead ; suicide bombing suspected <sec> investigators say they think a woman from dagestan set off the blast .  the explosion happened on the bus around 2 p.m. monday , authorities say .  a criminal investigation is under way , authorities sa .
 mugabe ally implicated in zimbabwe farm seizures <sec> zimbabwe senate president -- a robert mugabe ally -- accused of farm seizure .  production has fallen on many farms under new owners .  government commission investigating farm seizures .  daughter of senate president says , `` we got this farm legally .
 will obama 's re-election pitch work ? <sec> vice president joe biden pitches to voters , `` osama bin laden is dead and general motors is alive '' .  john j. pitney jr. : presidential elections turn mostly on the big things : economy , war and peace .  he says that in a close election , rhetoric can affect the margin of difference .  he says that at the end of the day , reality trumps rhetori .
 commentary : torture must be investigated <sec> oren gross : torture under any circumstances is illegal and morally wrong .  democracies using torture risk losing their bearings , gross says .  bush administration twisted facts and logic to try to justify torture , he says .  gross : to move forward , we must investigate what happened in the pas .
 states battered with record lows face more frigid weather <sec> new : florida governor declares state of emergency to protect crops .  atlantic , iowa , breaks record low set in 1958 with minus 29 degree temperature .  homeless man found frozen to death in kansas city , missouri .  winter storm warnings north , hard freeze warnings sout .
 newly released videos were taken by dugard 's captors <sec> videotapes taken by phillip and nancy garrido were released by prosecutors tuesday .  da 's office : release is part of an effort to improve `` detection of sexual predators '' .  one clip shows children in playground as phillip garrido plays a guitar and sings .  in another , a parole agent searches house , some years before dugard was foun .
 death and disruption : why egypt remains economic basket-case <sec> egypt 's climate of uncertainty is making leadership difficult for president mohamed morsy .  negotiations over a bailout from the imf have already lasted a year , and are in a holding pattern .  investors and ratings agencies want egypt to deliver more stability , but the country is still struggling .  charges against the former president and political challenges against morsy are problemati .
 four types of tv guys to avoid <sec> learn about men not to date by studying male characters on tv shows .  `` gossip girls '' chuck bass is charming type who decimates women .  `` mad men '' don draper is a smoldering liar and cheat aging party boy hank moody of `` californication '' attracts damaged wome .
 hyundai chairman given suspended sentence for embezzlement <sec> hyundai chairman chung mong-koo has escaped prison for embezzling .  south korean court ruled instead to impose a suspended five year sentence .  in february , the 68-year-old executive was sentenced to three years in prison .  chung was accused of placing firm 's money in fund to earn government favor .
 photos show intruder following woman onto roof <sec> melora rivera was dressed in only a flannel shirt as she fled to her roof .  police were n't sure at first that rivera was n't the intruder .  a neighbor snapped a dramatic photo of rivera huddled as the intruder neared .  a 29-year-old man was captured and charged with burglar .
 shoe-thrower fans unite online <sec> muntadhar al-zaidi , who threw his shoes at president bush , gains cult-like following .  hundreds of thousands of facebook users join groups to praise the iraqi journalist .  fans extend beyond the muslim and arab worlds , politically and comically .  but seriousness of his actions leads to three-year prison sentenc .
 plea deal in beating at georgia cracker barrel <sec> the incident occurred at a cracker barrel in suburban atlanta .  a woman claims troy dale west jr. used racial epithets against her and struck her .  west and other eyewitnesses claim the woman spit on hi .
 cnn student news - february 26 , 2015 <sec> this page includes the show transcript .  use the transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary .  at the bottom of the page , comment for a chance to be mentioned on cnn student news . .  you must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the cnn student news roll call .
 navy ship dedicated to fallen seal <sec> uss michael murphy named for medal of honor recipient .  murphy , a navy seal lieutenant , was killed in 2005 in afghanistan .  his namesake destroyer was christened by his mother at a shipyard in main .
 u.s. will not seek death penalty for snowden , attorney general says <sec> new : snowden 's father asks the president to dismiss the complaint against his son .  snowden 's father talks about the u.s. intelligence leaker .  lon snowden says his son did what he knew was right .  the fbi and security officials in russia are discussing his cas .
 monday begins with more explosions , gunfire across syria <sec> new : at least 3 explosions rock damascus early monday , an opposition network says .  new : additional fighting is reported in other cities around syria as well .  at least 67 people were killed around syria on sunday , one group says .  syria 's government blames terrorists for weekend blasts that killed 2 .
 a cup and straw that can detect date-rape drugs ? <sec> boston-based company devises cups and straws that can detect date-rape drugs .  with the help of a chemistry professor , the company came up with a prototype .  drinksavvy 's funding campaign helped raise more than $ 50,000 .  founder mike abramson hopes to roll out completed products in early to mid-201 .
 tokyo : city overview <sec> known as edo until 1868 , tokyo has been shaped by a history of disasters .  there 's a sci-fi familiarity to areas like shibuya , shinjuku and akihabara .  there are still traces of traditional tokyo , such as at the meiji jingu shrin .
 texas cooking show brings deen back in public eye <sec> paula deen makes first appearance since june .  `` these are tears of joy , '' she tells texas crowd .  deen shares her feelings about the `` last few months '' .  fans give southern food diva a standing ovatio .
 surviving beatles unite to promote meditation <sec> paul mccartney , ringo starr participating in fund-raising concert .  show to benefit david lynch foundation program teaching meditation to kids .  also on the bill : donovan , paul horn , sheryl crow , eddie vedde .
 sochi threat e-mail sent to several nations ; ioc says not credible <sec> an e-mailed threat to national olympic committees is n't seen as credible , ioc says .  the u.s. olympic committee and several european countries received the threat .  the warnings come amid a russian security clampdown ahead of the sochi games .  police are hunting suspected islamist insurgents , including so-called black widow .
 11 reported dead in clashes between yemeni protesters , security forces <sec> live ammunition is used against protesters in sanaa and taiz , witnesses say .  at least 169 people are injured by gunfire , rocks or batons in both cities , they say .  the republican guard fought military personnel who were protecting demonstrators .  the protesters were unarmed , according to an opposition party officia .
 can oscar pistorius get a fair trial ? <sec> olympian and paralympian oscar pistorius accused of killing girlfriend reeva steenkamp .  pistorius denies murder , says he believed steenkamp was an intruder .  judge in the case has warned of danger of `` trial by media '' because of press reports .  phelps : we simply do n't have enough information yet to know truth of the cas .
 michael jackson tribute planned for mtv awards <sec> mtv says janet jackson will give tribute to her late brother .  also promised : first look at documentary of pop star 's final three months .  the show airs live starting at 9 p.m . .  et sunda .
 gaza war : bring hamas to the table ( opinion ) <sec> ed husain : hamas is not just terror group : it has schools , banks , mosques , doctors .  husain : west damages standing in muslim world as tv shows dead children , blasted schools .  peace is not possible without hamas leaders , he says , who are open to indirect talks .  husain : if we do n't deal with hamas , we might have a worse enemy : salafi jihadi .
 apple , google cracking down on 'flappy bird ' clones <sec> developers say google and apple are cracking down on `` flappy '' games .  hundreds of games mimicking `` flappy bird '' were created after app was pulled .  developer said his game had become an `` addictive product .
 identity thieves could rake in $ 26 billion in tax refunds <sec> the treasury 's estimate is the first detailed analysis of the ongoing problem .  with budget cuts , the irs can not deal with the fraud , according to inspector general .  irs says it stopped the issuance of $ 1.3 billion in potentially fraudulent tax return .
 administration : obamacare website working smoothly <sec> management changes , hardware upgrades , software fixes to healthcare.gov cited .  site operations now overseen by a general contractor and a 24-hour rapid response team .  official : hardware upgrades have made site 's `` underlying infrastructure '' much stronger .  spokesman : more work on back-end data sent to insurance companies remains to be don .
 opinion : bill , hillary , chelsea foundation an issue for clinton 2016 <sec> the clinton foundation has come under scrutiny for its operations and finances .  james moore : as hillary clinton will likely run for president , critics are looking for mistakes .  he says evaluation of clinton as a presidential candidate may be tied to the foundation .  moore : charity work honorable , but clintons need to set boundaries on power , wealt .
 obama chides governors for education cuts <sec> some republican governors agree with obama 's thinking on subject .  president obama calls on the nation 's governors to spend more on education .  the president addresses a luncheon with the national governors association .  he reiterates his push for students to graduate high school and get higher educatio .
 q & a : turkey and the armenian 'genocide ' <sec> analysts explain why 1915 killing of armenians remains emotive issue .  `` turkey has always refused to accept that it was a planned event , '' says katerina dalacoura .  `` turkey is becoming more liberal ... genocide is no longer a taboo word , '' said fadi hakur .
 nigerian militants release photos of british hostages <sec> nigeria is one of world 's richest oil states ; people are among poorest in world .  militant group mend demands profits given to nigerian people .  mend is holding two british oil workers captive .  mend says more workers will be seized if nigeria does not stop exporting oil wealt .
 boy scout turns 'mud pit ' into a $ 60k playground <sec> alex griffith , 16 , was adopted as a sickly baby from a russian hospital .  to give back to his birthplace , he raised $ 60,000 to build a new playground .  the project was part of griffith 's quest to become an eagle scout .  the top 10 cnn heroes will be announced on october .
 gao uncovers fraud , abuse at head start centers <sec> watchdog agency says workers rigged information to allow undercover applicants to qualify .  sting operation nailed workers at eight of 13 centers that were targeted , report says .  health and human services to impose new steps to curb fraud at head start 's 1,600 centers .  the program provides educational , nutritional aid to 1 million low-income childre .
 cnn student news transcript - december 2 , 2011 <sec> the daily transcript is a written version of each day 's cnn student news program .  use this transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary .  use the weekly newsquiz to test your knowledge of stories you saw on cnn student new .
 alex chinneck 's mind-bending buildings <sec> british artist alex chinneck creates large-scale installation art inspired by architecture .  his most recent works include a melting house made of wax , and a floating building in covent garden market .  his installations are largely inspired by the neighborhood they inhabit , and take up to eight months to execut .
 wozniacki moves closer to regaining world number one ranking in dubai <sec> caroline wozniacki moves closer to regaining world number one ranking with dubai win .  dane can take over from kim clijsters if she beats shahar peer in the quarters .  second seed vera zvonareva and third seed francesca schiavone lose in third round .  tomas berdych reaches quarterfinals at the marseille open in franc .
 comedians honor will ferrell with mark twain humor award <sec> the award honors comedians who have shaped american society with their work .  ferrell calls it `` the only legitimate award that recognizes comedy '' .  fellow comedians shower praise on hi .
 maya nut changes lives while aiding the rain forest <sec> erika vohman teaches women in central america the value of their native maya nut .  nutrient-rich seed grows abundantly in rain forest but many are unaware of it .  with vohman 's help , communities have planted more than 800,000 trees .  do you know a hero ? .  nominations are open at cnn.com/heroe .
 winter storm strands travelers <sec> sixty flights were canceled thursday at philadelphia international airport .  more than 400 flights canceled across u.s. on thursday .  tracking website says at least 1,700 flights were canceled wednesday .  travelers are encouraged to check status of flights and train .
 l.a. police chief disses proposed 'britney law ' <sec> councilman wants to require photographers to keep distance from celebrities .  critics say 'britney law ' would be difficult to enforce .  police chief says law would be unnecessary if celebs behaved themselve .
 will congress carry on gabriella 's fight ? <sec> 10-year old gabriella miller was diagnosed with brain cancer .  she became an activist for children with cancer .  she urged members of congress to work together to bolster child cancer research .  her plea has become politically acrimonious on capitol hil .
 snowstorm slams northeast in first wave of wintry weather this week <sec> more than 1,900 flights have been canceled .  new jersey gov . .  chris christie declares state of emergency .  brooklyn man killed in snowplow accident .  midwest is also bracing for more ice and sno .
 fighting , death and oil : inside the conflict in sudan <sec> vbs goes to sudan on a quest to learn the motivation behind the darfur conflict .  research just before the trip opened reporter shane smith 's eyes to scale of devastation .  smith : `` from the minute we got off the plane to the minute we flew out again , i was s***-scared . .
 chinese artist ai weiwei places himself under home surveillance <sec> chinese artist ai weiwei installs live webcams at his own home .  mimicks 24-hour police surveillance since his arrest at beijing airport last year .  government has accused ai of tax evasion , seeking payment of fines .  ai is still facing tax evasion charges , brought by the government soon after his releas .
