 opinion : why it 's bad for facebook to gobble up oculus <sec> paul saffo : facebook 's $ 2 billion purchase of oculus is a bad deal for consumers .  saffo : tech sector is seeing a shift from ipo model to acquisition model .  he says it 's harmful for silicon valley innovation ecology if tech giants grab up startups .  saffo : imagine if apple had been bought by ibm or sony , would there ever be iphone .
 swedish far-right leader : success due to immigration backlash <sec> the country 's immigration policies have `` shattered '' swedish society , jimmie akesson says after victory .  sweden 's ruling coalition wins a second term , but not an overall majority .  the leader of the opposition coalition admits defeat .  the anti-immigration sweden democrats party gains parliamentary seat .
 attack on shrine signals new nexus of afghan strife <sec> shi'ite worshippers were attacked as they celebrated ashura .  the attack harkens violent sectarian rivalries in iraq , pakistan .  this kind of sectarian aggression is rare in afghanista .
 customs agents charged with smuggling at jfk airport <sec> dea says two agents regularly accepted and solicited bribes .  they and four others allegedly smuggled illegal contraband and drugs .  investigation has led to the indictment and prosecution of more than 20 people .  arrests follow a lengthy investigation by state and federal authoritie .
 30 bodies , window panel found in airasia search <sec> thirty bodies have been recovered , 4 identified .  the ceo of airasia will accompany the body of a flight attendant home .  what may be a flight 8501 window panel has been found , a singapore ministry say .
 entrepreneurs inspired by historic black wall street <sec> entrepreneur read about famed black wall street that was destroyed in 1921 .  he and partner created modern barbershop to honor memory of district .  black wall street burned to ground during massive race riot in tulsa , oklahoma .  tulsa race riot survivor : `` learn how to forgive , but never forget .
 fear drives opposition to gun control <sec> david frum says public support for stricter gun control has steadily waned .  despite gun views , fewer americans today keep a gun in their home , he says .  frum says people realize that gun ownership is risky to themselves and their families .  frum : local tv news overplays violence , drives up fear , keeps people focused on gun right .
 study : 7.3 million in u.s. prison system in '07 <sec> new : director : weak community corrections programs force judges to choose jail .  record 7.3 million people were in jail , prison or on probation or parole in 2007 .  that 's one in every 31 people in the u.s. , pew center on states found .  blacks four times more likely than whites to be in corrections system , study showe .
 obama picks bible for inauguration , but what verse ? <sec> barack obama will be sworn in using same bible as abraham lincoln .  lincoln 's bible was turned to a random page at his 1861 inauguration .  many presidents choose to open bible to a specific vers .
 generals held in hariri killing walk free <sec> generals held in connection with assassination in lebanon are freed .  tribunal investigating murder of former pm ordered their release .  rafik hariri was killed in a car bombing in beirut in 2005 .  washington accuses syria of being behind the killing of the popular statesma .
 pelosi : bush 'a total failure ' <sec> house speaker says president losing all credibility with the american people .  pelosi says she wo n't bring offshore oil drilling to vote .  she says companies should drill in existing allowed areas first .  pelosi defends house 's record , says senate republicans stall legislatio .
 a fishing way of life is threatened <sec> small-boat fishermen face steep cuts in cod fishing .  a survey finds that gulf of maine cod are in far lower numbers than experts thought .  the new report suggests the stocks are depleted .  the local industry could face more than an 80 % reduction from prior years ' cod catc .
 teen dies stopping suicide bomber at school in pakistan <sec> ninth-grader aitazaz hassan bangash was on his way to school , his cousin says .  the bomber , dressed in a school uniform , asked for directions to the school , he says .  `` aitazaz challenged the bomber and tried to catch him , '' and the bomb went of .
 newsquiz : week of april 23 <sec> use the weekly newsquiz to test your knowledge of stories you saw on cnn student news .  write your answers in the space provided .  today 's newsquiz includes the media literacy question of the da .
 fake website , press release target missouri coal company <sec> the spoof was engineered by a group concerned about kids ' health .  peabody energy says it 's `` a global leader in clean coal solutions '' .  the fake website says peabody will give free inhalers to childre .
 poll : chris christie 's love of springsteen is ok in n.j . <sec> nearly half in new jersey think it 's `` kind of cool '' that christie loves springsteen .  that 's according to a new poll in honor of springsteen 's 65th birthday .  christie has been to 132 springsteen concerts and holds out hope the two will be friends .  springsteen , a liberal , has never expressed the same kind of love toward christi .
 police capture suspected 'haiku ' killer in japan <sec> police have captured a 63-year-old man in connection with a series of killings .  five bodies discovered in remote village in western japan ; their house burned down .  a note , in the form of a poem , was found in the home of man police are huntin .
 koch a friend and force to the end <sec> charles kaiser : ed koch , who died friday , had n't been nyc mayor in years ; was still a force .  he says koch embodied nyc in the 20th century , pulled it back from the brink of collapse .  he says koch had a long , strong record on gay rights , was a good manager , a selfless friend .  kaiser : koch stayed relevant ; had the ear of every important democrat , including obam .
 caylee anthony 's mom named suspect in disappearance <sec> police : casey anthony has been `` leading ... investigators down the wrong path . '' .  caylee anthony , 3 , reported missing month after her june disappearance , police say .  police have said evidence suggests florida toddler is dea .
 iraqi women : prostituting ourselves to feed our children <sec> aid workers : violence , increased cost of living drive women to prostitution .  group is working to raise awareness of the problem with iraq 's political leaders .  two iraqi mothers tell cnn they turned to prostitution to help feed their children .  `` everything is for the children , '' one woman say .
 clive owen on playing a father in 'intruders ' and what scares him <sec> clive owen has carved out a career portraying an intense man of thought and action .  he has starred in `` children of men , '' `` closer '' and `` inside man '' .  he plays john farrow in the upcoming psychologically driven horror-thriller `` intruders '' .  owen says it 's important to build up trust with a child acto .
 mother of accused u.s. spy says iranian charges are false <sec> the u.s. and his family say amir mirzaei hekmati is falsely accused of spying .  he was arrested in august while visiting relatives .  prosecutors allege he was hired to deliver information to iran .  hekmati served in the marines from 2001 to 200 .
 is there a 'new newt ' in town ? <sec> david gergen : newt gingrich generated the most buzz at cnn debate .  he says gingrich , once written off , is now a top-tier contender in the race .  gergen says his remarks on immigration may win him points , could signal a `` new newt '' .  but he says mitt romney remains the man to beat within the gop fiel .
 u.s. military tries to reassure pakistan amid times square probe <sec> u.s. secretary of state had warned about pakistan links to times square plot .  u.s. joint chiefs chairman discussed matter with chief of pakistani army .  senior u.s. military official says u.s. `` not trying to pressure him as a result of this case '' .  u.s. intelligence indicates suspect in failed bombing had ties to pakistani taliba .
 2 admirals ' classified access suspended in navy probe <sec> navy suspends classified access of vice adm. ted branch , rear adm. bruce loveless .  branch is director of naval intelligence , loveless is director of intelligence operations .  navy spokesman : neither has been charged with any crime or violation .  3 navy officials and a defense contractor have been arrested in a bribery prob .
 fbi : man tried to board plane with bomb materials <sec> new : fbi : kevin brown accused of carrying a weapon or explosives onto a plane .  the jamaican national tried to board an air jamaica flight at orlando airport .  official says suspicious items posed no immediate danger to other travelers .  some ticket counters were shut down , and 11 flights were delaye .
 fda pulls common pain med off the market <sec> darvon , darvocet brands pulled along with generics .  fda concerned about heart rhythms .  generic versions a concern , to .
 stunned georgians scramble to safety <sec> powder springs resident kim harp : `` it just came so fast . .  it really terrified us '' .  scores of homes swallowed by muddy waters as the rain refused to subside .  entrance to six flags , georgia 's largest amusement park , sitting in wate .
 halfway destinations brighten tedious road trips <sec> clint eastwood , lee marvin stayed at century-old geiser grand hotel in oregon .  folk artist howard finster turned georgia home into living museum of found objects .  follow in lincoln 's footsteps through historic downtown richmond , virginia .  basque-american cuisine offers succulent surprises in winnemucca , nevad .
 nato airstrike kills more than 90 in afghanistan <sec> new : top u.s. commander in country is following the investigation , an aide says .  death toll from nato airstrike on oil tankers in northern part of country exceeds 90 .  local afghan officials quoted as saying many civilians were killed in the attack .  target of attack was two fuel trucks that had been hijacked by militant .
 judge orders release of iraq , afghanistan detainee photos <sec> the aclu sued the department of defense in 2003 for photos of detainees in iraq and afghanistan .  government has said publication of the photos could endanger american soldiers and civilians oversea .
 mexican poet prepares u.s. peace march <sec> a `` peace caravan '' aims to raise awareness about the drug war 's consequences .  the month-long protest led by a mexican poet starts in san diego and ends in washington .  javier sicilia : `` we want citizens to confront the blindness of politicians and their interests '' .  `` it will not be easy to cross the cultural divide , '' the poet says of the u.s. peace protes .
 'standing seats ' suggested for cheaper plane tickets <sec> new university study calculates value of standing-room-only cabins on planes .  vertical seats could lead to 21 % increased passenger capacity and 44 % lower ticket prices .  airlines such as ryanair have been touting the concept for years .  while vertical seat designs have been developed , none have yet been approved for commercial transpor .
 humans blamed for sharp drop in wildlife <sec> the world 's wildlife has declined by 27 percent since 1970 because of humans .  wwf : terrestrial , freshwater , marine species all under threat .  pollution and overall climate change are other factors causing loss of wildlif .
 why rick perry 's presidential bid is toast <sec> james carville says rick perry is starting to get on his nerves .  he hoped perry would give romney a good fight , prolong interest in the race .  instead perry has been a weak candidate , with poor performances , carville says .  carville : perry had lunch with donald trump and fell for the birther strategy -- a mistak .
 syria islamist rebels take control of historic christian town of maaloula <sec> what the capture will mean for christians waits to be seen .  some christians fear radical islamists have been swelling rebel ranks .  aid agencies : christians often targeted for sympathies to al-assad 's regim .
 kiwi climb : hoofing up the world 's steepest street <sec> baldwin street in dunedin , new zealand , holds the guinness world record for world 's steepest street .  or so the town insists -- others dispute the claim .  paperboy says going down is actually harder than going u .
 feds find cause to believe portland police use excessive force on mentally ill <sec> civil rights investigators say portland police engage in a pattern of excessive force .  victims are persons who have or are perceived to have mental illness .  portland mayor vows to institute changes -- quickl .
 hoodie 's evolution from fashion mainstay to symbol of injustice <sec> protesters in trayvon martin case have worn hoodies in solidarity against racial profiling .  the hoodie has evolved from roots in hip-hop culture to enjoy mainstream appeal .  geraldo rivera criticized for remarks that hoodie played role in martin 's death .  image `` all part of the demonization of the black male , '' hip-hop scholar say .
 syrian , saudi leaders visit lebanon for summit <sec> new : assad , abdullah urge officials in lebanon to avoid violence .  new : they worked to enhance lebanese reconciliation .  first visits for both since hariri deat .
 nun , 84 , sentenced to 35 months for nuclear break-in <sec> sister megan rice , 84 , was found guilty of damaging and destroying government property .  she and two other peace activists were arrested in 2012 for breaking into nuclear facility .  the uranium processing and storage complex was supposed to have been tightly secure .
 anti-nsa activists do n't like obama speech <sec> activists say obama 's nsa speech was not enough .  obama announced reforms while defending surveillance .  julian assange says the speech was `` embarrassing .
 battle lines drawn over ap u.s. history <sec> several states debating new framework for ap history instruction .  conservatives say it is biased .  college board says framework is meant to guide curriculu .
 survey : most americans believe government broken <sec> 86 percent of people questioned in new poll say u.s. government is broken .  that 's up 8 percentage points since 2006 .  of those people , 81 percent say the problems can be fixe .
 4 things about joburg 's history <sec> modern johannesburg was born 130 years ago , after gold was discovered .  it 's a city of immigrants -- with an open , friendly atmosphere .  earliest inhabitants can be traced back 3 million year .
 uk police arrest 4 more for suspected terrorism <sec> new : authorities searching a number of addresses around southern england .  four men are arrested on suspicion of terrorism offenses , the metropolitan police says .  they are being held in london police stations while officers search homes and vehicles .  police : arrests `` are part of an ongoing investigation into islamist related terrorism .
 skier shocked after 'dream ' world title <sec> french skier marion rolland wins women 's downhill title at world championships .  the 30-year-old had never previously won a top-level alpine race in her career .  she heads off italy 's nadia fanchini , who is rebuilding her career after serious injuries .  maria hofl-riesch matched her bronze medal effort from 2011 worlds in garmisc .
 galaxy beat salt lake to reach mls cup <sec> los angeles galaxy have reached the 2011 mls cup .  galaxy reached the championship game after a 3-1 win over real salt lake .  bruce arena 's team will face houston dynamo in the november 20 matc .
 pakistan in historic win over india in twenty20 clash <sec> pakistan defeated india by five wickets in bangalore .  it is the first time in five years that the two teams have met in a bilateral series .  india scored 133-9 in its 20 overs .  captain mohammad hafeez top scored for pakistan with 61 as it won with two balls to spar .
 tar balls hit lake pontchartrain shores <sec> dispersed , weathered oil reaches lake pontchartrain .  tar balls described as `` about the size of a silver dollar '' .  part of pontchartrain closed to fishing .  high waves , southeast winds hinder containmen .
 'real housewives ' stars teresa and joe giudice plead not guilty <sec> teresa and joe giudice are accused of 39 counts including mail and wire fraud .  their trial is set for october 8 .  their show 's network had no commen .
 will christie 's immigration bill haunt him in 2016 ? <sec> immigration reform remains a litmus test among gop primary voters .  possible 2016 candidate chris christie will sign new jersey 's version of the dream act .  bill allows undocumented immigrants who attended high school to pay in-state rate .  gop operative says as long as christie is up front about his position , it might not hurt hi .
 8 other things the government should ban <sec> national transportation safety board has called for a ban on all cell phone use by drivers .  henry alford asks : what other risky activities should federal law clamp down on ? .  how about skiing while listening to an ipod ? .  or peering over the balcony of a skyscraper ? .  maybe applying eyeliner on a train ? .  or using a paper shredder while wearing a necktie .
 dejected ukrainian troops detail horror of front line <sec> with rebel forces on offensive in eastern ukraine , evidence of a military presence is scarce .  ukrainian troops encountered by cnn appear demoralized .  cnn crew asked to stop filming in one rebel-held town south of donets .
 former n.y. post owner 's daughter accused of trying to sell heroin <sec> police say they responded to a craigslist ad , received drugs from a couple .  kathryn kalikow , 27 , and brian whelan , 28 , pleaded not guilty at their arraignments .  they 're charged with possession of drugs with intent to sel .
 towns stranded , thousands homeless in wake of hurricane <sec> river rose because of water released from reservoir .  mayor says officials did not give residents ample warning about release .  40,000 residents in nuevo leon state remain homeles .
 government fights slave labor in brazil <sec> more than 12 million people worldwide estimated to be working under forced labor .  between 25,000-40,000 brazilians may be slave laborers , u.n. estimates .  brazil task force has worked to eradicate slave labor .  poverty seen by experts as primary factor leading to slave labo .
 china state media : google decision 'totally wrong ' <sec> new : china 's foreign ministry says move wo n't impact sino-u.s. relations .  google says it will stop censoring search results in china .  china daily quotes official : move `` totally wrong '' .  google.cn users will be re-routed to an uncensored site in hong kon .
 prosecutor : text messages tripped up killer , who enters guilty plea <sec> man pleads guilty to strangling girlfriend who was breaking up with him .  jenni-lynn watson , a college student , had disappeared during thanksgiving break .  she was last seen at her family 's home in liverpool , new yor .
 total of 41 bodies recovered from air france 447 crash <sec> first bodies recovered from the crash of air france 447 returned to land .  air france agrees to replace within days speed sensors , pilots ' union says .  air france said it began replacing parts in april .  the location of the crash has not been determine .
 alonso claims british win for ferrari <sec> fernando alonso claims victory for ferrari in sunday 's british grand prix .  it is ferrari 's first success since their win in last october 's korean grand prix .  sebastian vettel finishes second to increase his lead in the overall standing .
 gold medal moms : raising an olympian was no sacrifice <sec> ice dancers meryl davis and charlie white still make their moms tear up .  many moms of olympians downplay talk sacrifices they 've made .  moms admit to competition rituals such as wearing a pair of `` lucky uggs '' .  the financial challenges of raising an olympian can be staggering , moms sa .
 japanese motogp to go ahead as planned <sec> the japanese motogp will go ahead as planned say the sport 's governing body .  there had been fears over radiation levels at the motegi circuit .  the track is close to the fukushima nuclear plant damaged by march 's tsunami .  an official report shows radiation levels are at normal level .
 witness : sudanese warplanes strike at south sudan border towns <sec> new : sudanese military commander says 1,200 south sudanese dead .  two fighter jets fire four missiles at south sudan border towns , a witness says .  the airstrikes across the volatile border come amid reports of fighting .  witness : `` i saw one boy who was about 10 years old who was completely burned .
