 ohio man claims insanity in 11 deaths <sec> suspect pleads not guilty by reason of insanity .  anthony sowell accused in deaths of 11 women .  remains of african-american women found at cleveland , ohio , house .  cadaver dogs also search sowell 's childhood hom .
 cnn classroom edition : notes from north korea <sec> examine the history of u.s.-north korea relations .  learn about the new york philharmonic 's historic concert in pyongyang .  examine north korea 's standoff with the u.s. over nuclear weapon .
 woods to face poulter at ryder cup <sec> tiger woods and steve stricker to take on ian poulter and ross fisher in fourballs at ryder cup .  phil mickelson and dustin johnson take on lee westwood and martin kaymer in first match .  united states are defending trophy in october 1-3 event at celtic manor .  u.s. captain corey pavin leaves out jim furyk from opening fourball .
 manhunt launched in dramatic greek museum robbery <sec> two suspects are sought in the smash-and-grab robbery .  they tied up a guard before storming the museum .  they took 65 to 68 clay and brass statues , and a gold ring .  it 's the second big theft of this kind in greece this yea .
 exposing the medical 'code of silence ' <sec> a surgeon at johns hopkins hospital has some ideas about what is wrong with medicine .  marty makary says doctors and hospitals should talk more openly about medical mistakes .  patients should push doctors and hospitals for information to make informed decision .
 horner hails red bull 's 'grounded superstar ' vettel <sec> red bull team principal christian horner calls sebastian vettel a `` grounded superstar '' .  german driver is the youngest to win back-to-back world championships .  the 24-year-old made his return to the track on thursday at the jerez test event .  horner is predicting a close battle for the drivers ' and constructors ' crowns in 201 .
 does gop need another contract with america ? <sec> 20 years ago , a policy manifesto helped gop ride to power on capitol hill .  julian zelizer says a similar document today would n't have the same impact .  republicans need a major shift in their stance to attract younger voters , he say .
 flooding , avalanches , outages all effects of northwest storm <sec> new : flooding is a concern along the willamette river in oregon .  new : puget sound energy says 230,000 were without power .  avalanche warnings are in effect in washington , montana , idaho , utah and wyoming .  winter storm warnings are in effect for portions of eight northwestern state .
 trayvon martin shooting was n't a case of racial profiling <sec> mark nejame : many have said george zimmerman engaged in racial profiling .  he says civilians are n't subject to same restrictions as police officers face .  evidence does n't support the claim that his actions were racially motivated , nejame says .  he says case may not hold up in criminal court , may go to civil lawsui .
 syrian protests thrust president into new spotlight <sec> bashar al-assad has ruled syria since june 2000 .  he was not groomed for succession .  despite some reforms , critics highlight empty promises .  human rights groups say he must listen to the protester .
 relive '80s pop culture in 'ready player one ' <sec> ernest cline 's novel is described as `` willy wonka meets the matrix '' .  a love letter to growing up geek , it combines an intergalactic scavenger hunt and romance .  cline also wrote `` fan boys '' movie , an ode to `` star wars '' fan .
 union opts to continue chicago teachers strike ; mayor takes fight to court <sec> new : a school spokeswoman says union claim 200 schools will close is `` false '' .  `` the big elephant in the room '' is possible school closings , the union chief said .  a union committee decides not to end the week-old teachers strike despite a tentative deal .  chicago 's mayor pushes for a court injunction to end the teachers strike immediatel .
 military widow : pentagon demands money from husband 's benefit back <sec> widow says the defense department demanded she repay $ 41,000 in benefits after she remarried .  green says $ 577 is being deducted from her military benefit check each month .  a pentagon spokesman declines to commen .
 englishman 's metal detector finds record treasure trove <sec> amateur metal detectorist found treasure in a field in staffordshire , england .  hoard described as the largest ever found , including more than 1,500 pieces .  value of find said to be `` priceless , '' team to assess collection over next year .  hoard includes five kilograms of gold , 2.5 kilograms of silver , jeweled item .
 netanyahu , jordan 's king meet in amman <sec> the two discussed recent developments in israeli-palestinian negotiations .  the meeting follows u.s. secretary of state john kerry 's recent visit to the region .  kerry met with israeli prime minister , palestinian president several times this mont .
 aca-mazing ! first look at 'pitch perfect 2 ' <sec> `` pitch perfect 2 '' follows up on 2012 sleeper hit comedy .  anna kendrick , rebel wilson and brittany snow return for sequel .  actress elizabeth banks steps behind the camera as directo .
 coalition steps up fight against afghan 'green-on-blue ' attacks <sec> the coalition has formed a `` guardian angel '' program .  counterintelligence has been bolstered to finger taliban double agents .  the forces are working to improve their recruit vetting process .  analysts say `` personal grievances '' have caused many of the attack .
 not just for laughs : 3d cartoons give kenyan businesses winning edge <sec> 3d advertisements are becoming increasingly popular in kenya .  companies are spending more on advertising to become visible to international investors .  they use animation to boost their profile and become competitiv .
 $ 42m dzeko targets titles with manchester city ; transfer round-up <sec> bosnia striker edin dzeko completes reported $ 42 million move to manchester city .  the 24-year-old had been at german bundesliga club wolfsburg since 2007 .  former italy striker luca toni moves to juventus and sampdoria sign federico macheda .  brazilian forward julio baptista returns to spain with move to malag .
 stephen baldwin pleads guilty to tax charge , will pay $ 300,000 <sec> stephen baldwin admits guilty in failing to file income taxes for three years , attorney says .  he will pay $ 300,000 in taxes .  the actor has difficulty finding hollywood jobs compatible with his faith , attorney says .  the offense will be taken off his record if he pays back the money in a yea .
 nadezhda tolokonnikova , jailed pussy riot member , halts hunger strike <sec> tolokonnikova began her hunger strike to protest prison conditions .  her condition deteriorated , and she was hospitalized last week .  she has suspended the hunger strike , her husband says .  but she will resume it if conditions at the penal colony do n't improv .
 bolivia 's president says he fears possible u.s. plot <sec> `` they have to be preparing something , '' president evo morales says .  morales says he still plans to attend the u.n. general assembly meeting .  an opposition lawmaker criticizes morales ' assertion .  the u.s. embassy in la paz declines to commen .
 what day is it ? neighbors ring in 2013 more than 24 hours apart <sec> samoa is 101 miles ( 164 kilometers ) west of american samoa .  but samoa marks the new year a whole day before its neighbor .  the international date line swings more than 1,500 miles east for kiribati .  some alaskans have to celebrate 2013 a day after russian neighbors to the nort .
 tiger woods unable to set date on return to fitness <sec> tiger woods unsure when he will return from back surgery .  the 38-year-old is hoping to be back sometime in the summer .  he underwent surgery as he was unable to make a golf swin .
 first impressions : microsoft 's kinect gaming system <sec> kinect introduces a gaming system where there is nothing to hold and no buttons to push .  three camera sensors and four mics help kinect recognize who is standing in front of it .  microsoft says 30,000 north american retailers will have kinect available on thursda .
 ruling favors halliburton indemnity claim in gulf oil spill <sec> court sides with halliburton 's indemnity in its contract with bp to cement the macondo well .  ruling is similar to a decision last week regarding rig owner transocean 's responsibility .  bp says halliburton still needs to be held accountabl .
 u.s. to destroy chemical weapons stockpile <sec> on tuesday , the pueblo chemical depot will begin to destroy the largest stockpile of chemical weapons in the u.s . .  here are nine facts to know about chemical weapon .
 mexico : teen hit man 'el ponchis ' freed , sent to u.s . <sec> new : u.s. customs and border protection facilitates the teen 's return .  mexican officials say they 'd been working to rehabilitate edgar jimenez lugo .  an aunt in san antonio signed off on the teen 's repatriation there , an official says .  the u.s. citizen was found guilty of torturing and beheading at least four peopl .
 michael douglas : 'throat cancer ' was really tongue cancer <sec> actor michael douglas says he hid his tongue cancer at his doctor 's urging .  treatment can come with disfiguring surgery to remove the tongue or part of the jaw .  the cdc estimates only half of those diagnosed with oral cancer surviv .
 india warning on web taxi services after uber rape case <sec> indian home minister advises states to halt operations of web-based taxi services .  new delhi announced a ban on uber , but the car service says it 's still operating .  the moves follow the alleged rape of a woman by an uber driver who is now in custod .
 should an airline passenger 's weight matter ? <sec> airline passenger claims he was singled out for his weight .  southwest airlines offered its apologies to the passenger .  southwest policy suggests purchase of a second ticket , refunded after fligh .
 rights group : uae should stop expelling syrian protesters <sec> on february 10 , more than 2000 people protested against the syrian regime in dubai .  as demonstrators did n't have a permit to protest , dubai police asked them to leave .  source : most left , but dozens stayed behind and continued protesting , some syrians .  source : 60 syrians had their residency permits revoke .
 dust exposure after 9/11 linked to high asthma rates <sec> health survey looked at 46,000 adults five to six years after 9/11 attacks .  adults who were expose to intense dust clouds developed asthma at higher rates .  23 million americans have asthma , which causes airway swelling and inflammatio .
 sen. ted stevens ' conviction set aside <sec> new : `` highly qualified '' attorney to conduct inquiry into prosecutorial misconduct .  district judge emmet sullivan says 6-month case unfruitful : `` silence is deafening '' .  stevens says he hopes `` others may be spared from similar miscarriages of justice .
 is twitter 's breakneck growth causing a backlash ? <sec> twitter saw growth of more than 1,300 percent in the year up to february .  its swift growth has caused a backlash among some of the site 's early users .  other rally around the `` fail whale , '' an icon of the site 's shortcomings .  site users host parties in honor of the whale ; one even has a tattoo of the imag .
 south african taxis drive sales in dance music <sec> the hottest sound in dance music is coming from pretoria , south africa .  it 's a style known as township house , produced in the city 's townships .  the style 's pioneers promoted their music by giving their cds to taxi drivers .  taxi drivers played the cds to passengers and sold cds at taxi rank .
 report : scores of albinos in hiding after attacks <sec> about 10,000 albinos in hiding in east africa over fears they will be dismembered .  albinos have been killed in burundi and tanzania because their body parts are believed to have special powers .  tanzanian government officials mobilizing police to help embattled populatio .
 air force : entire crew killed in b-52 crash near guam <sec> new : one airman was physician and second in command of the medical unit .  bodies of two airmen found in pacific ocean ; four others sought .  bomber was scheduled to fly over crowds celebrating liberation day .  the b-52h stratofortress was based at barksdale air force base in louisian .
 a tourist at home : louvre director jean-luc martinez goes undercover <sec> jean-luc martinez , new director of the louvre , reveals plans to shake-up establishment .  49-year-old comes from modest background , father was a postman , mother a caretaker .  wants visitors to be treated with `` dignity , '' plans multimillion revamp of ticket area .  says $ 538m deal to build louvre abu dhabi will help pay for makeover of french institutio .
 massive typhoon bolaven slams okinawa , heads for koreas <sec> new : `` it 's been a long and rough night , '' storm chaser says .  bolaven crosses over okinawa .  it is the strongest typhoon in the region since 1956 .  typhoon bolaven 's cloud field is about 20 times the length of okinaw .
 ben carson on sony : 'i am proud of the president ' <sec> ben carson is a frequent critic of the president and popular among conservative circles .  he praised obama 's handling of north korea cyber attacks and threats against theaters .  carson hedged some of his lauding to say the response should not have been 'proportional .
 israel shares concerns as peace talks advance <sec> u.s. secretary of state john kerry meets with israeli prime minister benjamin netanyahu .  a trio of republican senators also met with the israeli leader .  the senators said they support a deal that will not hurt israeli .
 moscow chef serves up edible cathedral <sec> pastry chef troman felizmenio has created an edible replica of st . .  basil 's cathedral in moscow .  gingerbread creation took three months to build according to ritz carlton hotel , moscow .  smaller gingerbread cathedrals on sale to public . .  prices start at $ 1,60 .
 kidnapped chinese workers released in sudan <sec> chinese hostages are freed in sudan ; they 're now on the way to kenya .  the body of one worker killed in the rebel raid on their camp is returned to chinese officials .  the 29 chinese workers were abducted from a construction site january 2 .
 lawyer : nurse kaci hickox wo n't obey ebola quarantine <sec> nurse kaci hickox : `` i do n't plan on sticking to the guidelines '' on quarantine .  she will not quarantine herself in maine and will fight any order to do so , lawyers say .  maine health commissioner says state will compel her to comply .  hickox treated ebola patients in sierra leone ; says she is not symptomati .
 talks over iran 's nuclear program resume in moscow <sec> new : eu official describes meeting as `` intense and tough exchange of views .  differences remain between the sides after talks last month in baghdad .  western nations suspect iran wants to build nuclear weapons , an assertion tehran denies .  israel has threatened to attack iran to stop it from developing nuclear weapon .
 ex-sanford police chief : zimmerman probe 'taken away from us ' <sec> martin family attorney disputes ex-police chief 's rationale for his firing .  bill lee says he refused to arrest george zimmerman just to placate public .  lee : department did n't release 911 tapes because they could have hampered probe .  lee defends `` sound '' investigation and says race never played a role in prob .
 jay-z and beyoncé 's trip to cuba is n't the problem , the embargo is <sec> beyoncé stopped by gma and said the reaction to their trip to cuba was `` quite shocking '' .  sandra guzmán : `` it 's 2013 and we need to debate cuban policy earnestly '' .  `` we hardly hear from normal cubanos and other average americans on this issue '' .  `` real democratic progress in cuba will happen when the gates of travel open .
 ware : woodward 's iraq claims off the mark <sec> bob woodward credits assassination teams in large part for lower violence in iraq .  cnn baghdad correspondent michael ware says that 's not all of it .  co-opting of insurgents and al qaeda in iraq had bigger impact , ware says .  deal with muqtada al-sadr , leader of iranian-backed militia , also key , ware say .
 family of deposed tunisian president reportedly flees to canada <sec> canadian media report tunisian ex-president 's family in town .  some relatives have legal residency status .  canadian officials say ben ali , family are not welcom .
 alleged libyan rape victim 's mother would slap gadhafi if she could <sec> eman al-obeidy 's parents are angry about their daughter 's treatment .  the are no longer afraid to condemn gadhafi .  they say the regime is still holding al-obeidy .  an investigation continues in the cas .
 pitching plastic for good <sec> british scientists say they 've found way to recycle 100 % of plastics .  university of warwick plans first commercial plant soon .  `` waste can be a valuable resource , '' stanford engineer say .
 bahrain 's king : foreign plot to destabilize country foiled <sec> bahrain denies accusations it has been singling out doctors for arrest .  king hamad does not say which country he accuses of fomenting unrest .  bahrain 's sunni monarchy has long suspected iran of inciting its shiite majorit .
 thailand tourist 's lung tissue 'gone ' after mysterious death <sec> seattle woman is one of 2 tourists who died of unknown causes .  family says pathologist says her `` lungs were 100 percent congested '' .  thai officials have been focusing on food poisoning as cause of deat .
 a joke over breakfast with desmond tutu <sec> desmond tutu has spent his life preaching equality , tolerance and peace .  campaigned for racial equality in south africa which led to first vote in 1994 .  he was at mandela 's inauguration in 1994 , in washington today for obama 's .  served as archbishop of cape town for 10 years at st. george 's cathedra .
 review : 'in your dreams ' is stevie nicks ' finest collection of songs <sec> stevie nicks still has that eternal edge-of-17 tremor in her voice .  `` in your dreams '' has the high-gloss l.a. production of her collaborators .  nicks finds storytelling inspiration everywhere , from the twilight series to jean rhy .
 turks mourn relative of ottoman sultan <sec> grandson of one of the last ottoman sultans was buried saturday .  ertugrul osman died this week in istanbul of kidney failure at the age of 97 .  osman 's funeral attended by turkish state ministers , artists , media glitterat .
 obama 's plan : kill isis before they kill us ( opinion ) <sec> has president obama reverted to george w. bush 's policy on terrorism and the middle east ? .  aaron miller says the president instead is narrowly focused on preventing homeland terrorism .  he says obama long ago put his faith in counterterrorism , including drone strikes .  obama knows his presidency will be judged partly on whether he kept u.s. safe , miller say .
 $ 100,000 buys patient new kidney but not good health <sec> israeli man paid $ 100,000 to broker to get new kidney .  his body is rejecting kidney he received from 18 year-old in china .  cnn investigating what appears to be widespread black market in human organ .
 8 people killed in violence in china 's xinjiang region <sec> police officers shoot and kill eight people and arrest one other , authorities say .  the people attacked a police station in the volatile region of xinjiang , they say .  the region is beset by unrest involving the uyghur ethnic grou .
 beset by haze from hundreds of fires , indonesia tries to trigger rain <sec> an indonesian agency says there are more than 1,200 `` hot spots '' in south sumatra .  fires have created thick blankets of haze over parts of sumatra , and singapore and malaysia .  aircraft are using cloud-seeding techniques in hopes rain will douse fire .
 help for a 'hidden population ' of caregiving kids <sec> in many u.s. households , children have to take care of sick or aging family members .  a group started by cnn hero connie siskowski is helping support these young people .  there are an estimated 10,000 youth caregivers in her florida county alone .  do you know a hero ? .  nominations are open for 2013 cnn heroe .
 taliban claim responsibility for afghanistan suicide attacks <sec> the taliban claim responsibility in a phone message to media .  both attacks were on government facilities , authorities say .  many of the dead were police officers , officials say .  fourteen people were killed in herat province attack , four in helmand provinc .
 ricin dart fired by umbrella killed bulgarian envoy <sec> ricin found in four u.s. cases since 2003 .  bulgarian dissident killed by dart containing ricin in 1978 .  500 micrograms of ricin , size of a pinhead , can kill an adul .
