 millennials have the power to protect roe v. wade <sec> nancy keenan : tuesday marks 40th anniversary of roe v wade making abortion legal .  keenan : millennial generation will play role in guiding policies .  the baton to support pro-choice and roe v wade is passed to the millennials , she says .  keenan : millennials will be nearly 40 % of electorate in 202 .
 1 dead , 14 workers injured in dutch soccer stadium roof collapse <sec> new : soccer club official urges fans to stay away from the scene as rescue efforts continue .  one person confirmed dead and 14 hurt in the stadium roof collapse , local officials say .  the search continues for any other workers who might be trapped under the wreckage .  the stadium is for the fc twente soccer club , one of the top dutch club .
 child sex trafficking : why cambodia ? <sec> corruption , poverty and a bloody past have made cambodia a child sex trade hotspot .  khmer rouge 's systematic destruction of society led to the death of 2 million in the 1970s .  report : culture plays a part as `` saying 'no ' to an adult is not easily tolerated .
 apparently this matters : pet tortoises <sec> `` apparently this matters '' is cnn tech 's weekly look at offbeat topics trending online .  this week , jarrett looks at a couple of high-profile pet tortoises .  one is a brazilian pet who apparently reappeared after 30 years .  the other will not -- we repeat , `` not '' -- be playing in the super bow .
 new york man pleads guilty to murder of 8-year-old leiby kletzky <sec> levi aron pleads guilty to second degree murder and kidnapping in the second degree .  his attorney declined to comment , and would also not confirm how her client will plead .  the city 's chief medical examiner said the boy died after being drugged and then smothere .
 barcelona coach gerardo martino 'concerned ' after shock la liga loss <sec> coach gerardo martino admits `` concern '' following end of barcelona 's unbeaten home run .  spanish champions could lose spanish league lead for the first time in 60 matches .  jordi alba is sent off in saturday 's 3-2 defeat by valencia at camp nou .  madrid clubs atletico and real can both move above barcelona on sunda .
 what the new republican majority will do <sec> sen. john thune : new gop majority in senate will focus on boosting economy .  he predicts action on keystone pipeline , ending medical device ta .
 readers sound off : books that changed your lives <sec> cnn commenters shared their favorite books from childhood .  help us keep growing the list by sharing your picks in the comments .  follow cnn living on facebook and twitte .
 boy , 17 , appears in juvenile court in california wildfires case <sec> authorities are n't releasing details on juvenile court appearance by teen .  he was arrested last week in connection with a small fire in escondido .  about 40 square miles burned in nine major wildfires in san diego county .  one task force investigates the wildfires ; a second warns homeowners of scam .
 floating turbine buoys offshore wind potential <sec> a floating wind turbine has been inaugurated off the coast of agucadoura , portugal .  the 54-meter tall structure can produce enough energy to power 1,300 households .  the consortium behind the turbine hope to install five more devices to create the world 's first ever floating wind far .
 tom daley : olympic diver reveals he is in a gay relationship <sec> british diving star tom daley reveals he is in a gay relationship .  the 19-year-old announces the news in a youtube clip .  daley says he is still attracted to girls , but has never been happier .  he won bronze medal at the london olympics in the 10-meter platfor .
 congress strikes tentative deal on highway bill , sources say <sec> a formal announcement is expected late wednesday night , multiple sources tell cnn .  leaders hope to attach transportation bill to measure on student loans .  passage would be significant moment for a congress that 's been trapped in partisan gridloc .
 military helps fight fires while personnel evacuated <sec> new : fires at camp pendleton cause evacuation of 3,000 marines .  military lending direct and indirect assistance to firefighting efforts .  as firefighting efforts go on , base officials poised to evacuate .  navy and marine corps have more than 20 facilities in san diego are .
 gop , stop messing with obamacare ( opinion ) <sec> now that gop has control of congress , they are proposing reforms to health law .  their plan to redefine full-time employment as 40 hours a week would hurt american .
 christina aguilera pregnant with second child <sec> christina aguilera is reportedly expecting her second child .  it will be the singer 's first baby with fiance matt rutler .  she has a son , max , with her ex-husband , jordan bratma .
 'star wars : episode vii ' goes back to the future with original stars <sec> next `` star wars '' picks up 3 decades after `` return of the jedi '' story .  original chewbacca , c-3po and r2-d2 actors are back .  john williams will again compose the `` star war '' score .  `` star wars : episode vii '' opens december 18 , 201 .
 fidel castro praises brother raul 's leadership <sec> castro said he was `` pleased , because the country is working , despite all of the challenges '' .  until now , he has avoided mention of domestic affairs .  illness forced fidel castro to turn over power to his brother rau .
 fatah cancels arafat events after blasts , blames hamas <sec> fatah scraps events commemorating yasser arafat 's death in 2004 .  the group blames hamas for bombing the homes of fatah leaders .  the rising tensions come only months after the groups agreed to form unity governmen .
 ebola vaccine : why i became a human guinea pig <sec> brian shepherd is a healthy volunteer who agreed to test an ebola vaccine .  after receiving the vaccination he had a slight fever , but it went away .  he will be monitored for a year for side effect .
 un criticizes rocket attack on israel <sec> new : it urges lebanese , israelis `` to exercise maximum restraint '' .  israel says rockets fired from lebanon struck open spaces in northern israel .  israel says it fired 12 to 18 artillery shells into southern lebanon in retaliation .  there have been no injuries , and no one has claimed responsibility for rocket attac .
 'bravest woman in mexico ' seeks asylum in united states <sec> marisol valles garcia says threats forced her to leave , gave her `` fear that will last a lifetime '' .  she was police chief for four months in the border town of praxedis g. guerrero .  her idealism drew international attention .  attorney : `` she represented the average person saying , 'no more ' .
 autopsy to be performed on travolta 's son <sec> jett travolta died friday while on vacation with family in the bahamas .  the 16-year-old had seizure , struck head on bathtub , lawyer says .  boy had suffered from kawasaki disease , an inflammation of artery walls .  the teenager will be buried in ocala , florid .
 alleged plot against raul castro draws skepticism <sec> former mexican foreign minister says raul castro removed two top-ranking officials .  it 's claimed they were plotting to overthrow him fearing he 'd betray cuban revolution .  report says plotters received support from venezuelan president hugo chavez .  some long-time cuba watchers skeptical over the repor .
 why paul ryan ? <sec> william bennett says choice of paul ryan puts the cards on the table before america .  he says ryan has dedicated himself to mastering the u.s. federal budget .  bennett says ryan has proposed innovative solutions and has worked with democrats .  he says voters will choose between two visions of the size and role of governmen .
 tropical storm emily forms in the caribbean <sec> new : tropical storm warnings are in effect for puerto rico , the dominican republic , elsewhere .  haiti is under a tropical storm watch .  tropical storm force winds extend outward up to 70 miles .  the national hurricane center predicts emily could threaten florida by the weeken .
 appendicitis sidelines sir elton john <sec> sir elton john , 66 , was diagnosed with appendicitis during his european tour .  surgery will be performed in the united kingdom in `` the coming weeks '' .  the remaining shows in his tour have been cancele .
 u.s. officials : cia kills top al qaeda terrorist in pakistan <sec> new : abu laith al-libi was killed by a missile from an airplane , officials say .  al-libi plotted attacks against u.s. and coalition forces , officials say .  source : libyan behind 2007 february bombing of bagram air base .  official : al-libi `` not far below the importance '' of osama bin laden , his top aid .
 cuba 's motorcycle culture roaring back to life <sec> those who have preserved cuba 's motorcycle culture are called `` harlistas '' .  harley-davidson motorcycles are enjoying a comeback in cuba .  cuba 's first ever nationwide harley rally was held recently in varader .
 does 'general hospital ' have a future in primetime ? <sec> `` general hospital '' is averaging a 1.1 rating among adults , down 21 percent from last year .  a primetime episode of `` gh '' is still a lot cheaper to make rather than an original .  but lifestyle shows , unlike soaps , are more relevant and profitabl .
 give , but use your head <sec> deepak chopra : giving part of inner growth , but corruption in charities makes us pause .  do n't stop giving , just be smart about it . .  seek accountability ; ask where your money goes .  chopra : help people reach aspirations . .  invest in future .  give of your spirit . .  helping someone in person can do more than money to change a lif .
 8 of the weirdest work stories from 2011 <sec> this year 's selection of workplace tales ranges from ingenious to inspiring to just plain weird .  charlie sheen losing his `` two and a half men '' job tops the list .  the owner of a chain of iowa convenience stores hosted a contest to see who would be fire .
 serena williams dumped out in french open first round by home favorite <sec> serena williams knocked out in first round of french open by virginie razzano .  it is the first time williams has ever lost in the first round at a major championship .  maria sharapova beats romanian alexandra cadantu 6-0 6-0 in just 48 minutes .  wimbledon champion petra kvitova beats australia 's ashleigh barty 6-1 6- .
 'legend ' floyd mayweather : canelo alvarez fight will be 'unbelievable ' <sec> floyd mayweather faces canelo alvarez on saturday in a battle of undefeated fighters .  mayweather is 44-0 with 26 knockouts and alvarez is 42-0-1 with 30 knockouts .  mayweather is guaranteed to earn $ 41.5 million , the biggest payday in the sport 's history .  oscar de la hoya , alvarez 's promoter , will be absent in las vegas as he entered reha .
 opinion : over 48 years , gop strays far from voting rights <sec> gary may : roberts court gutting voting rights act , recalls that gop no longer party of lincoln .  he says leading republican in 1965 , dirksen , was architect of act , rounding up gop votes .  later , republican `` southern strategy '' wooed white voters , blacks flocked to democrats .  may : now court has abetted gop , as it tries to obstruct voting rights in state .
 dinosaur discovered in alaska was t. rex cousin <sec> nanuqsaurus hoglundi is a newly discovered species .  it lived on alaska 's north slope .  the dinosaur was much smaller than its cousin , t. re .
 how employee freedom delivers better business <sec> google employees in mountain view get free food , fitness facilities and on-site doctors .  such pay-offs show up in increased innovation and productivity .  today 's employees want more than a paycheck .  if you give employees freedom , they will surprise yo .
 gaga 's injury related to 'being active ' <sec> lady gaga has canceled the rest of her tour because of a hip injury .  the performer suffered a labral tear in her right hip .  doctor says it 's `` related to the repetitive mechanics of being active .
 mexican investigators search for suspects after 35 bodies found in roadway <sec> new : analyst : criminals are sending a message of power , impunity .  new : mexico´s state prosecutors are scheduled to meet nearby .  the attorney general says investigators have a video of the scene .  the bodies were found near a shopping mall in veracruz stat .
 world 's weirdest team : eleven men , same names <sec> amateur football team in southern italy all have same surname .  `` team de feo '' founded by former serie a player maurizio de feo .  team has ambitions to get into guinness book of world record .
 with abrams in place , 'star wars ' fans brace for future <sec> on january 25 , disney announced j.j. abrams would direct new `` star wars '' .  fans came down pro or con ; many are concerned about abrams ' `` star trek '' ties .  latest frenzy symbolic of battle between fans and george lucas .  who owns the `` star wars '' universe ? .  it 's become part of the cultur .
 sick man of europe : life-support drugs run short in greece <sec> some international pharmaceutical companies have limited supplies to greece .  thousands of greeks are now unable to obtain supplies of life-saving drugs .  greece in sixth year of recession , struggling to put finances in order .  pharmaceutical firms say they are limiting supplies to greece over unpaid debt .
 build it on the grapevine : wine-making real estate comes to the caribbean <sec> ocoa bay is a new real estate and vineyard development in the dominican republic .  the remote region was producing wine as long ago as the sixteenth century .  developers aim to revive the little-known tradition on a 2 million square meter sit .
 north korea cancels u.s. envoy 's visit to discuss kenneth bae <sec> new : the rev . .  jesse jackson has offered to go to pyongyang .  ambassador robert king was scheduled to visit and discuss bae 's case .  north korea has held bae , a korean-american , since november 2012 .  annual u.s.-south korean military drills , which anger pyongyang , begin later this mont .
 13 states ask for federal help on execution drug shortage <sec> sodium thiopental is part of three-drug cocktail used in lethal injection .  the u.s. manufacturer of the drug said last month it would stop making the drug .  13 states that use the drug in executions are asking feds if they will share their supplies .  meanwhile , six death row inmates are suing to stop imports they claim may be unsaf .
 boy finds mummified body hanging in dayton , ohio , home <sec> edward brunton hanged himself with a belt in a closet in 2009 , coroner spokesman says .  the closet protected his body from rapid decomposition , coroner says .  neighbors thought his home was abandoned ; its yard was overgrown .  brunton was estranged from his family and friends , and no one reported him missin .
 alaskan takes top prize at beard & moustache fest <sec> contest began in germany in 1990 , now held twice a year .  david traver wove his beard to resemble a snowshoe , winning best overall .  there are 17 official beard and moustache categories in the competitio .
 son of ryan o'neal , farrah fawcett arrested again for drugs <sec> police say they found illegal narcotics in redmond o'neal 's car during a traffic stop .  he was convicted on two drug offenses two years ago .  o'neal underwent court-ordered drug rehab last yea .
 uae to cancel iraq 's $ 7 billion debt <sec> president of united arab emirates agrees to cancel all iraq 's debts to the nation .  west has urged nations to forgive billions in iraqi debt .  uae cabinet nominates abdullah ibrahim al-shehhi to be ambassador to ira .
 bedouin helps find gulf war pilot remains , pentagon says <sec> u.s. navy pilot scott speicher lost over iraq opening night of gulf war in 1991 .  two sites searched by u.s. troops , west of baghdad , iraq , in anbar province .  a bedouin , 11 at time of crash , connected military with locals who knew of crash .  speicher 's remains will be taken to jacksonville , florida , for buria .
 the price of negotiating with north korea <sec> the u.s. and north korea reach new deal on nuclear moratorium .  victor cha , ellen kim and marie dumond : we 've seen this playbook before .  the writers say the grim reality is that the deal is a temporary move for north korea .  they say hillary clinton correctly characterized the deal as a `` modest step forward .
 damon albarn : poignant and perfect 'pub singalong ' <sec> damon albarn performs at albert hall , showcasing solo album `` everyday robots '' .  a more stripped-back work than usual for him , the songs look back on his 46 years .  concert revisits many of the many musical moments of his long and varied career .  various collaborators join albarn : graham coxon , de la soul and brian en .
 vettel wins but must wait to clinch f1 title <sec> sebastian vettel wins singapore grand prix to extend f1 championship lead .  jenson button finishes second with vettel 's red bull teammate mark webber in third .  vettel needs a single point in the next race in japan to clinch a second straight f1 crown .  ninth win of the season for all-conquering vettel in his red bull and 19th caree .
 9 of the world 's most controversial foods <sec> shark fin still consumed regularly in china , though hotels and airlines have recently removed the dish from menus .  green sea turtle is a delicacy in cayman islands , though travelers are advised to avoid it .  gorillas nearly extinct due to hunting , but still sold as bushmeat in central and western afric .
 elephants suffering in mali drought <sec> elephants dying in mali are among 350 to 450 left in the area .  save the elephants releases photos of elephants struggling during drought .  soaring heat is killing cattle , which is leading to water pollution , group says .  there is hope that rain in june may provide relief to elephant .
 opinion : march on washington paved way for gay rights too <sec> malcolm lazin grew up in the segregated world of the north .  he says the march on washington was a `` magical moment '' .  lazin : martin luther king 's words inspired broader rights movements .  he says that from 1979 to 1993 , protests for gay rights grew ever larger , stronge .
 steyn strikes to leave india in trouble in second test <sec> india struggle to 183 for six wickets on weather-hit first day of second test in durban .  south african paceman dale steyn takes four wickets after india put in .  south africa lead three-test series 1-0 after innings victory at centurio .
 steamrolled : seattle seahawks flatten denver broncos 43-8 in super bowl <sec> seattle dominates and takes advantage of denver 's mistakes .  league mvp peyton manning throws two interceptions .  this was the first super bowl victory in seattle 's franchise history .  no seattle player has previously played in a super bow .
 fire erupts at flight 93 memorial in pennsylvania <sec> new : some 911 artifacts may have been damaged , park service says .  fire breaks out at headquarters of memorial to united airlines flight 93 .  headquarters complex is about two miles from the memorial in pa . .  flight 93 crashed on september 11 , 2001 , after hijackers took over the plan .
 springsteen revs up for super bowl halftime <sec> e street guitarist nils lofgren promises show will be `` a very cool thing '' .  he wo n't say what four songs springsteen and band will play .  jennifer hudson , faith hill also will sing at super bowl xliii sunda .
 north korea 's propaganda machine grips defector 11 year on <sec> chae young hee abandoned north korea for the south 11 years ago .  she experienced starvation as well as the brutality of the regime .  but seeing images from her native land fill her with pride .  `` this is how you are brought up since birth . .  even i can feel the pull in my heart .
 analysts : north korea 's diplomacy follows a well-worn path <sec> north korea swings between provocation and negotiation .  analysts say north korean diplomacy follows a familiar pattern .  the u.s. insists de-nuclearization is a pre-condition of talks .  analysts say north korea 's behavior is now an embarrassment to chin .
 rogerio ceni : 590 wins and counting <sec> rogerio ceni records most ever victories with a single club monday .  the 41-year-old claims his 590th win after sao paulo beat goias .  ryan giggs ' record of 589 victories with manchester united is beate .
 french ex-president sarkozy 'shocked ' by allegations <sec> new : sarkozy tells french media he is `` deeply shocked '' .  ex-pm alain juppe says he hopes sarkozy 's defense will demonstrate his innocence .  former president nicolas sarkozy is placed under formal investigation , french media say .  french prime minister manuel valls says it is a `` serious situation .
 champions manchester united thumped at newcastle <sec> premier league champions manchester united are thrashed 3-0 at newcastle .  demba ba , yohan cabaye and a phil jones own goal gives newcastle win .  the defeat is united 's second in a row after their 3-2 defeat at blackburn .  bolton off the bottom of the premier league after a 2-1 victory at everto .
