 rising brazil tackles immigration question <sec> brazil is experiencing an increase in immigration .  it 's economy is attracting both low- and high-skilled labor .  the country has been open to immigration , but challenges remai .
 jury 's judgment near in dramatic murder trial of casey anthony <sec> casey anthony is on trial for the murder of her daughter , among other charges .  testimony concluded friday , and closing arguments are expected on sunday .  the prosecution claims that she killed her daughter then lied to investigators .  the defense calls it `` a tragic accident that happened to some very disturbed people .
 opinion : the appeal of islamic radicalism <sec> ken ballen : the alleged boston marathon bombers were influenced by islamic ideology .  ballen : the tsarnaev brothers fit the profile of many young men who turn to radicalism .  he says young men who convert to islamic extremism often have deep personal crisis .  ballen : ideas drive the radical islamist movement ; ideas can also defeat i .
 egypt to keep mubarak 's sons detained <sec> gamal , alaa mubarak were detained in april .  prosecutor says they 're being questioned on real estate , other financial deals .  hosni mubarak has denied wrongdoing by him or his son .
 third night of violence in belfast <sec> new : one officer was hurt in a third night of violence in belfast .  new : about 150 youths fired shots and threw bombs at officers .  new : police are now trying to identify those involved .  new : prime minister david cameron denounced `` unacceptable '' violenc .
 silence is an oath i ca n't keep <sec> laura ling recalls frightening day she was sentenced for entering north korea .  during captivity she was forced to watch films praising regime and kim jong il , she says .  reality in country is harsh ( starvation , no human rights ) but fleeing to china barely better .  ling : link group and pending federal legislation give hope to north korean defector .
 3 former firefighters die of illnesses linked to 9/11 <sec> all three firefighters responded to the world trade center on september 11 , 2001 .  they all died of illnesses related to their time working at the site , officials say .  hundreds of firefighters and ambulance workers suffer from respiratory illnesse .
 senate eases 'buy american ' clause in stimulus <sec> senate agrees to soften stance on `` buy american '' provision in stimulus plan .  clause would mandate u.s.-made goods be used in projects funded by stimulus .  critics warn restrictions would spark trade war , extend economic downtur .
 the grammy show you do n't see <sec> new : best country album winner zac brown hints his band may try new music .  new : carrie underwood reveals backstage she would never make a pop album .  2011 best new artist esperanza spalding accepts two grammys in sunday 's pre-show .  the pre-telecast honors categories such as best album notes and best album packag .
 atp world tour finals : rafael nadal to end remarkable 2013 as no . 1 <sec> rafael nadal will be the year-end world no . .  1 for the third time in his career .  spaniard beats switzerland 's stanislas wawrinka at atp world tour finals in london .  nadal also books place in semifinals of biggest competition he has yet to wi .
 fatal gas tank blast brings calls for better warnings <sec> two mississippi teens killed when natural gas tank at well production site exploded .  local teens in carnes say the quiet , secluded site was a popular hangout .  parents say deaths preventable if some warning signs had been posted .  push is now on requiring fences , locks , warning signs at gas , oil tank facilitie .
 commentary : do n't hold obama to race agenda <sec> melissa harris-lacewell : some have said obama should be held to racial agenda .  she says nostalgia for the old days of protest obscures last election .  black politics has come of age , and african-americans are equal partners , she say .
 africa 's emerging leaders launch 2020 growth vision <sec> africa 2.0 is an advocacy group that works toward a vision that could help the continent leapfrog .  its target is to achieve a prosperous and inspiring africa within the next 20 years .  six of then 10 fastest-growing economies in the world are currently from afric .
 tag your workforce , transform your business ? <sec> surgeons feature in workforce monitoring experiment with rfid chips .  enables productivity and efficiency gains that could transform industry .  high-tech monitoring field expanding rapidly and becoming more sophisticated .  experts have concerns over ethics and legal capacity to deal with issue .
 white diamond sells for record $ 30 million at auction <sec> oval diamond sells for record $ 30.6 million in hong kong .  it was the largest diamond ever sold at auction .  diamond sold to unidentified asian private collecto .
 moldova : where i got my hands on putin 's wine <sec> moldova 's state-owned cricova wine cellar houses private collections belonging to prominent figures .  cricova 's tunnels are vast , wine-filled wormholes that extend between 60 and 120 kilometers .  people in the breakaway region of transnistria look toward russia while moldovans typically lean toward romani .
 travel nightmares plague east coast after snowstorm <sec> new : conn. governor tells residents to expect record low temperatures .  more than 4 million people are without power .  jetblue : passengers are getting refunds , round-trip voucher .  as many as five people are kille .
 al qaeda figure who provided link to iraq reportedly dead in libya <sec> accused terrorist said he was tortured into saying iraqis trained al qaeda operatives .  rights group adviser : ibn al-shaykh al-libi 's testimony key to u.s. invasion of iraq .  senate panel : al-libi recanted story after invasion ; no other evidence supported it .  libyan newspaper says he committed suicide in prison ; rights group seeks inquir .
 little flutist plays to keep hope alive , feed his family <sec> a refugee boy uses a flute to help keep his family fed .  he makes about $ 10 a day in istanbul , turkey .  he fled from aleppo , syria , with his famil .
 villa marks milestone as barcelona demolish deportivo <sec> barcelona striker david villa scores the 150th la liga goal of his career .  spain international nets opening goal of 4-0 victory at deportivo la coruna .  lionel messi , andres iniesta and pedro also on target for league leaders .  sevilla move up to ninth with 3-2 win at sociedad while bilbao snatch draw with malag .
 satellite debris entered atmosphere over southern pacific ocean <sec> nasa has not received any reports of people seeing the falling debris .  the satellite debris entered the atmosphere between australia and africa .  about 26 pieces , some weighing hundreds of pounds , were expected to survive re-entr .
 secret killing program is key in iraq , woodward says <sec> program likened to wwii-era manhattan project that developed the atomic bomb .  author discloses the existence of secret operational capabilities in latest book .  national security advisor disputes woodward 's conclusion about the iraq surg .
 brazilians close their eyes and hope for the best <sec> with more than 99 % of votes counted , incumbent dilma rousseff had 51.59 % of the vote .  simões : result was n't a vote for change , but the president knows she must make changes .  simões : rousseff did n't win because of her plan for the future -- she won for past performanc .
 indianapolis police to wear white shirts <sec> beginning friday , some ranks of the indianapolis police department will wear white shirts .  police say the change in attire is not related to any specific incident .  the new uniform shirt color is aimed at ensuring accountabilit .
 obama seeks out skeptics at montana town hall <sec> new : rep. john murtha says bill wo n't pass before january .  fixing health care requires improving insurance , cutting costs , obama says .  insurance companies need incentive to participate , obama says .  president will hold another meeting saturday in colorad .
 ballack aiming for world cup glory in last hurrah with germany <sec> germany midfielder michael ballack talks to cnn sport about the 2010 world cup .  the chelsea star will represent his country in the finals in south africa .  ballack will reach the 100-cap mark for his country during the month-long tournamen .
 thanks to hong kong document , nightlife is defined <sec> prospectus on three nightclubs in hong kong contain descriptions of nightlife .  document defines terms that may seem obvious to anyone .  clubs defined as establishments with `` a dance floor and high-energy music .
 judge rules loughner not competent to stand trial <sec> loughner can not assist in his defense due to mental illness , a judge rules .  he agrees with two experts who came to that conclusion after evaluating the defendant .  loughner has an outburst during a hearing and is removed from the courtroom .  he is accused of killing six people and wounding 1 .
 lindsay lohan has probation revoked , is ordered to appear in court <sec> revocation comes as actress faces new charges related to a car crash last summer .  lohan was ordered to appear in court on january 15 .  she was n't in court to hear the probation revocation , but her attorney wa .
 thousands flee zimbabwe into south africa a day <sec> his name is `` average , '' he fled wreckage of president mugabe 's zimbabwe .  one of the 4,000 who flee hunger , homelessness into south africa a day .  once-prosperous nation now an economic disaster with 5,000 percent inflatio .
 airline attacks 'idiot , lunatic ' bloggers <sec> ryanair slams `` idiot , lunatic '' bloggers after customer highlights flaws on web site .  roe found what he thought was glitch allowing him to book free tickets .  airline staff members later posted abusive comments on jason roe 's blog .  ryanair confirmed comments were by staff members , refused to apologiz .
 tiger woods to speak publicly for first time since accident <sec> new : no word on whether woods ' wife , elin nordegren , will appear with her husband .  agent : woods will make statement at pga headquarters in ponte vedra beach , florida .  woods will not answer questions , agent mark steinberg says .  woods plans to discuss his future and to apologize for his behavior , steinberg say .
 dr. joycelyn elders ' advice to surgeon general nominee <sec> essence.com talks with former surgeon general dr. joycelyn elders .  she offers to join other former surgeon generals to discuss controversial issues .  says nation ca n't be healthy with ignorant people -- more health education needed .  says people can do more things to improve their own health than all the doctor .
 unite for sight in africa <sec> jennifer has arrived in ghana and is spending time with the local ufs team .  robert dolo and kartee karloweah are medical staff for a ufs partner there .  ufs holds vision screenings in adverse conditions to bring eye care to ghan .
 arctic air strikes again , but only a little <sec> new : temperatures to drop 20 to 30 degrees below normal in some places .  it is not a repeat of the `` polar vortex '' monster freeze in early january .  it has the same origins , but it 's much shorter-lived .  it will cover two-thirds of the contiguous united states , the weather service say .
 massa given all-clear by ferrari to begin comeback bid <sec> injured f1 star felipe massa passes series of mental and physical tests .  the brazilian driver can begin training following minor surgery this week .  massa suffered horrific head injuries after a freak accident in hungary in july .  ferrari expected to drop his struggling replacement luca badoe .
 opinion : plantation mentality thrives in l.a. clippers owner 's suite <sec> paula madison , former wnba owner , outraged by comments linked to donald sterling .  nba owner allegedly told girlfriend he does n't want her associating with blacks at games .  sterling 's remarks could lead to severe punishment or even removal , says madiso .
 racism common in jury selection <sec> andrea lyon : racial discrimination in jury selection frequent in death penalty cases .  lyon : prosecutors use challenges to keep as many minorities off as possible .  when defense objects , she says , judge often accepts lame `` race-neutral '' excuses .  lyon says black or latino facing death is the most likely to have all , or nearly all , white jur .
 courtney love struggling to finish 'disaster ' memoir <sec> the book has been over a year in the making .  it was originally scheduled for december 2013 .  love says `` it 's just not working .
 homeland security seeks cyber counterattack system <sec> einstein 3.0 would `` shoot down '' attempts to tamper with government computers .  michael chertoff says terrorists could wreak havoc on u.s. systems .  he urges investment now , before 'there 's a huge catastrophe ' .  chertoff : security project moving slowly to mollify private secto .
 top chinese court bans confessions obtained under torture <sec> a chinese court has banned the use of torture to obtain confessions , say state-run media .  tactics like hunger , fatigue and extreme temperatures are reportedly prohibited .  rights groups see the move as an encouraging step but not yet a sign of real refor .
 court set to rule on obamacare contraception mandate <sec> justices to rule on controversial requirement affecting businesses .  ruling could serve as template for future challenges to obamacare .  issue is whether businesses can opt out of mandate on religous grounds .  the law requires employers to offer insurance benefits for contraceptio .
 philippines house passes reproductive health bill <sec> `` historic vote today for women and families , '' a presidential spokesman says .  the bill provides sex education classes and government-funded contraception .  the catholic church opposes the bill , which has widespread public support .  it is `` a sad day for the country , '' a catholic bishop say .
 obama to address graduates at joplin high school <sec> obama 's may 21 speech will mark the anniversary of the joplin tornado .  joplin high school was badly damaged in the may 22 , 2011 , disaster .  it will be obama 's second visit to joplin since the tornado struc .
 ronaldo and rooney set united on way <sec> manchester united win 2-0 in roma in the champions league quarterfinals .  goals from cristiano ronaldo and wayne rooney put the visitors in control .  the winners will face barcelona or schalke for a place in the final in mosco .
 serial killing suspect agrees to go to michigan to face charges <sec> elias abuelazam declined to change his plea at a second hearing .  he is linked to 18 stabbings in michigan , virginia and ohio , police say .  authorities say he was in custody twice before they knew he was a suspect .  he was arrested this week at the airport in atlanta on suspicion of killing five peopl .
 28 killed in violence across iraq <sec> car bomb in mosul targeting security patrol kills nine people , police say .  separate deadly clashes break out in mosul , killing 10 .  violence also targets other northern iraqi towns , nine killed in al-dibis and sulaiman bek .  iraq violence has escalated over the past yea .
 fda : hang on to your pistachios <sec> fda : do n't eat pistachios until possible salmonella contamination is investigated .  kraft foods notified fda of salmonella found during routine testing .  the tainted nuts were traced to setton farms in terra bella , california .  setton farms announced a recall of 1 million pounds of pistachio product .
 the 9/11 generation 's bogeyman is gone <sec> college campuses erupted in celebration at news of osama bin laden 's death .  students were 8 to 12 at the time of the 9/11 terror attacks .  some believed strongly that they should not be celebrating a death .  terrorism affected their lives like no other american generation in histor .
 second 4g verizon phone debuts in wake of network outages <sec> samsung-built droid charge launched on verizon on saturday .  verizon 's 4g network recently went down across the country .  droid charge was originally slated for release the same weekend as the outag .
 what 's wrong with india 's airline industry ? <sec> analysts believe too many low-cost carriers are to blame for india 's aviation woes .  many blame air india and accuse them of unfairly competing with india 's newer airlines .  airline has been unprofitable since 1997 and has received government bailouts of $ 625 .
 opinion : rand paul can shape the future of conservatism <sec> ilya shapiro , francisco gonzalez : rand paul may represent a shift in conservatism .  shapiro , gonzalez : paul has a vision of the constitution in full , which is promising .  they say the new conservatism will focus on areas such as fiscal temperance , immigration .  shapiro , gonzalez : practical realities call for republicans to shift solutions accordingl .
 'ray donovan ' actor dash mihok on tourette 's syndrome <sec> dash mihok currently stars on showtime 's `` ray donovan '' as ray 's brother bunchy .  mihok was diagnosed with tourette 's syndrome at the age of 6 .  actor : `` if i spent my whole life trying to control my tics , that 's all i would have time for .
 'the bling ring ' : from the big house to the big screen <sec> the bling ring was a group of teenage robbers who targeted celebrities starting in 2008 .  this week , sofia coppola releases a film based on the true story .  paris hilton , one of the victims , says people need to aspire to something more than fam .
 kite-surfer who hit building improving , hospital says <sec> winds carried kite-surfer into the air , slamming him into a beach and a building .  television crew caught monday 's incident in fort lauderdale , florida , on video .  kevin kearney suffered spinal fractures , brain swelling , other injuries .  mother says kearney ca n't recall inciden .
 reports of syrian jet fire into lebanon called 'significant escalation ' <sec> new : rebels elect u.s.-educated kurd to lead provisional government .  we wo n't stand in the way of arming the opposition , the u.s. secretary of state says .  syrian state news reports a thwarted `` terrorist '' infiltration .  lebanese state-run news agency nna reports an attac .
 apparently this matters : colonel meow is dead <sec> colonel meow was an internet-famous cat , noted for his mean scowl .  the colonel became sick in november with heart problems , and died on january 29 .  admirers of colonel meow were known as his minion .
 volunteer state earns name as flood victims pull together <sec> tennessee officials say more than 21 dead , 27 counties labeled disaster areas .  woman who was married only last week clings to tree , swims to rooftop for refuge .  couple in hendersonville tells station they escaped car , swam a mile to safety .  mother pleads to god for help finding son , who was swept away in a ca .
 kaka committed to real madrid career ; tevez to stay with city <sec> brazil midfielder kaka says he is happy to stay at spanish club real madrid .  he confirms that his mother is moving to london , where he has been linked with chelsea .  carlos tevez will stay at manchester city , according to manager roberto mancini .  the argentine had asked for a transfer in january because he was homesic .
 obama is not carter ; romney is not reagan <sec> julian zelizer : paul ryan has `` insulted '' obama by comparing his presidency to carter 's .  he has better question : is gop in anything like the position it held in 1980 with reagan ? .  he says despite gov . .  chris christie and others , gop lacks `` farm team '' to take over d.c . .  zelizer : with spending , wars , bad economic policies , gop has its own problems with recor .
 'evil dead ' brings life to industry with $ 26 million debut <sec> `` evil dead '' and `` jurassic park 3d '' both opened successfully .  six separate films earned over $ 10 million during the friday-to-sunday period .  `` evil dead , '' a remake of sam raimi 's 1981 cult classic , led the way with $ 24.2 mi .
 georgia gym mat death : new footage released in kendrick johnson case <sec> kendrick johnson was found dead inside a rolled-up gym mat .  his family believes he was murdered ; authorities say the death was accidental .  the new video raises more questions than it answer .
 woman returning stolen civil war revolver to museum <sec> research determines civil war gun a woman had inherited had been stolen from a museum .  she is returning it to the museum of the confederacy in richmond , virginia .  the weapon belonged to a north carolina confederate office .
 i-reporters remember passionate , controversial bobby fischer <sec> i-reporter susan polgar played chess , became friends with fischer in 1992 .  polgar , a world-class chess player , says the chess world hoped for fischer 's return .  vietnam vet says fischer inspired his love of chess , helped him recover from war .  i-report : share your memories of master chess player bobby fische .
