 members of pussy riot released in sochi <sec> police say there is `` no claim '' against detained band members .  maria alyokhina and nadezhda tolokonnikova were meeting journalists .  police detained them , three other band members , activists and journalists .  they were in sochi to record an anti-putin political protest son .
 female driver de villota joins f1 ranks <sec> spaniard maria de villota joins marussia as a test driver .  de villota is the first woman to join a formula one team since 1992 .  the last woman behind the wheel of an f1 car was giovanni amati with brabham .  maria teresa de filippis scored half a point as a maserati driver in 197 .
 in washington state 's landslide areas , some ask why allow homes there <sec> a geomorphologist studied the long history of landslides in snohomish county .  officials say they did `` a great job of mitigating '' landslide hazards .  but an expert was incredulous to find homes being built after a 2006 landslide .  `` my reaction was to shake my head and say , 'this is nuts , ' `` he say .
 uk soldier 's killers sentenced <sec> new : michael adebolajo is sentenced to life in prison for killing uk soldier .  new : michael adebowale is sentenced to at least 45 years in lee rigby 's death .  the pair hit rigby with a car , hacked him to death with meat cleaver and knives .  adebolajo , a convert to islam , indicated he believed himself a warrior for alla .
 visa glitch hits race for london 2012 olympics tickets <sec> early problems as tickets for the london 2012 olympics go on sale tuesday .  visa system prevents people with cards expiring in august from completing application .  london 2012 spokesman says the credit-card company is trying to improve system .  tuesday marks 500 days until the olympics begin on july 25 , 201 .
 american journalist david satter kicked out of russia <sec> satter tells cnn that he `` followed all bureaucratic procedures '' in russia .  the russian foreign ministry says he violated visa entry rules .  satter says he tried to get a correspondent 's visa and was rejected as `` undesirable '' .  he 's the author of three books about russia and the former soviet unio .
 opinion : halloween candy for orangutans -- without palm oil <sec> john sutter : halloween candy is contributing to orangutan habitat destruction .  rain forest is cleared for palm oil plantations ; the oil is used in many snack foods .  sutter : el paso zoo calls for a boycott of all palm oil products ; others raise awareness .  an app from the zoo scans products and tells consumers whether to buy cand .
 source : al-obeidy headed to malta <sec> new : state department source : u.s. prepared to help eman al-obeidy .  she eventually will go to a processing center in europe .  al-obeidy accused moammar gadhafi 's security forces of raping her .  she has said repeatedly she wants to go to the united state .
 gadhafi 's autopsy reveals he was shot in head <sec> new : gadhafi 's son saadi is `` outraged '' over circumstances surrounding his death .  gadhafi was killed thursday but questions remain how he died .  doctors have not revealed additional details about their autopsy .  clinton says the united states supports calls for an investigation into gadhafi 's killin .
 white house rivals share hong kongers ' mistrust of china <sec> china has been a key issue in the u.s. election campaign for both candidates .  u.s.-china relations important to hong kong , particularly in economic terms .  hong kong has uneasy relationship with china despite considerable autonomy .  many hong kongers resent what they believe is beijing 's growing influenc .
 shuttle layoffs leave some workers adrift <sec> more than 1,200 nasa workers were laid off friday because of the shuttle program 's end .  the layoffs went ahead despite congress ' approval of nasa 's $ 19 billion budget .  many nasa workers , like john bundy , have n't updated their résumé in decades .  bundy , whose last day was friday , is taking welding classes at a community colleg .
 armenian president declares state of emergency <sec> new : protest moves after crackdown at freedom square .  order sought after protests over last month 's election turn violent .  demonstrators say the election was fraudulent .  state of emergency could last until march 20 , official say .
 attack kills at least 5 at iranian exile camp in iraq <sec> new : u.s. calls for `` appropriate '' measure to enhance camp security .  iraqi police say at least five people are dead and 40 injured .  u.n special representative condemns attack on the camp , home to an exiled iranian group .  mujahedin-e-khalq was removed from a state department terror list last yea .
 shaquille o'neal announces retirement from basketball <sec> shaquille o'neal announces his retirement from basketball .  known as `` shaq , '' o'neal had a 19-year career in the sport , winning four nba titles .  he has struggled with injury and played just 37 games for the boston celtics last year .  the 39-year-old is fifth on the all-time nba scoring lis .
 outbreak sickens dozens at new jersey university <sec> the school worked through the night to help sick students .  the outbreak follows a similar one at nearby princeton .  norovirus is highly contagiou .
 travel may take days to return to normal after hurricane irene <sec> an estimated 650,000 to 700,000 air travelers have been grounded since friday .  many affected passengers changed their plans , so not everyone is in the backlog .  airlines do n't expect any impact on labor day travel .  all amtrak service between boston and philadelphia is cancele .
 greece election : syriza shows the failure of 'cartel politics ' <sec> anti-austerity party syriza claims victory in greek elections .  afonso : syriza is the first party to break one of southern europe 's political cartels .  afonso : others countries may follow suit if politicians put democracy on hold to satisfy market .
 100 million and counting : cristiano ronaldo 's facebook fan club <sec> cristiano ronaldo passes 100 million facebook fans .  biggest social media following among top sports stars .  he gets one new 'fan ' ever second and has over 30m followers on twitter .  media analysts working to put a value on social media footprin .
 seaworld to reopen 'dine with shamu ' show <sec> action comes almost a year after whale killed trainer at orlando park .  san antonio park 's show to open first , followed by those in orlando and san diego .  spokesman : orlando park show will get `` a new look .
 how did viral facebook privacy hoax capitalize on privacy fears ? <sec> the facebook copyright hoax became the talk of the internet , but what does it say about online privacy ? .  tell us what you think . .  share your thoughts in the comments below or post a video on cnn irepor .
 reunited with her family , malala 's prognosis is good <sec> `` she is not just my daughter , she is the daughter of everyone , '' her father says .  malala yousufzai 's family visited her thursday .  `` there were tears in our eyes and they were out of happiness , '' father says .  `` we do n't think she has significant brain damage , '' hospital director say .
 avatar , shmavatar : online profile pics really do matter <sec> profile pictures represent you online , and help people know they 've found you .  your photo should include clues about your life , say some .  facebook users on occasion change profile photos en masse as part of social movements .  share your own self-portrait as part of cnn ireport 's cultural censu .
 panoramic views of the ancient world -- in modern-day germany <sec> german artist yadegar asisi specializes in super-sized panorama paintings .  360 degree views of the ancient cities of rome and pergamon on display in dresden and berlin .  the rome panorama is 27 meters high , 107 meters long and weighs 750 kilograms .  each work takes at least a year to create , and is enhanced with lighting effects and musi .
 u.s , north korean officials met secretly in march <sec> nothing came of new york meeting days before north korea unleashed threats .  source says meeting part of regular back channel exchanges .  the obama administration called for pyongyang to avoid provocative actions .  `` new york channel '' set up for u.s. , north korea to exchange information , message .
 steve jobs , designer of a generation <sec> glenn lowry says steve jobs , like bob dylan , is icon who helps generation define itself .  he says it 's hard to imagine working on computer without production values of an apple .  he says jobs insisted on products that worked and looked good ; made personal statement .  lowry : apple a nearly universal sign of belonging to connected , curious , youthful-in-spirit worl .
 salvador dali etching donated anonymously to goodwill <sec> an anonymous donor drops off a framed piece of art at a goodwill in washington state .  goodwill staff thinks it 's `` ugly '' and declares : `` why would anybody want that ? '' .  but it 's a salvador dali etching , signed by the master surrealist .  goodwill is auctioning the dali on its website until monday : bidding is now $ 10k .
 team rushes to help tornado-hit town <sec> 2008 cnn hero tad agoglia is helping a small town in georgia recover from a tornado .  his team came prepared with tractor-trailers full of helpful tools and equipment .  the team also brought years of experience ; it travels from disaster area to disaster are .
 10 secret menu items at fast food restaurants <sec> some fast food outlets have not-on-menu items you can get if you ask for them .  fatburger 's hypocrite is bacon-topped veggie burger ; popeye 's offers naked chicken .  some subways will still make the popular pizza sub from the 1990s .  wendy 's offers the meat cube ; mcdonald 's has a neapolitan milkshak .
 year in review : funny women rule <sec> `` bridesmaids '' broke box office records in 2011 , part of female dominance in comedy .  top-rated new sitcoms : `` 2 broke girls '' and `` new girl '' .  more female-driven sitcoms in 2012 : `` are you there , chelsea ? '' .  and `` apartment 23 .
 celebs fragrance diaries <sec> perfumes trigger strong memories for stars .  beyoncé says her house smells like vanilla .  parker : `` idea of not putting on perfume is shocking to me .
 rabbi , wife charged in kidnapping plot <sec> new : a lawyer for the rabbi says his client will be cleared .  an fbi affidavit describes an elaborate plot .  the victim was threatened with being buried alive , the fbi says .  `` do you want a funeral or a divorce ? '' .  agents say the victim 's father was aske .
 hamas leader meets jordan 's king ; first official visit since 1999 <sec> khaled meshaal meets with king abdullah ii in amman .  it 's his first official visit since jordan expelled hamas in the 1990s .  abdullah is attempting to broker new israeli-palestinian peace talks .  israel , palestinians point fingers over the latest impass .
 china 's 'bandit phones ' making big scores <sec> one fifth of 750 million mobile phones produced in china thought to be 'fake ' .  new microchip allowed phones to be made cheaper , better and develop new models .  big name manufacturers working with chinese gov . .  to crack down on counterfeiting .  despite legal gray area , growing number of bandit phone firms are becoming legi .
 gitmo detainees said abuse sparked lies , transcripts reveal <sec> sections of u.s. government transcripts on guantanamo made public monday .  released sections still remain heavily blacked out ; aclu to seek full disclosure .  khalid sheik mohammad tells military panel he made up stories when tortured .  suspected al qaeda figure waterboarded at least 83 times by cia in august 200 .
 giuliana rancic 'doing really well ' after double mastectomy <sec> `` g is doing really well , '' husband bill rancic said .  giuliana rancic decided to have a double mastectomy after lumpectomies failed .  `` my breasts have never defined me -- and now they never will , '' she sai .
 police officers saved by stimulus may still lose jobs <sec> in march , white house touted $ 1.2 million grant as a stimulus success story .  growing deficit in columbus , ohio , puts jobs of 25 police recruits at risk anyway .  voters to be asked in august to approve tax hike , perhaps avoiding firings , furloughs .  police chief : `` this is devastating . .  none of us signed up for this kind of task . .
 2012 olympic synchronized swimming tickets oversold <sec> the error affects four synchronized swimming events .  about 3,000 customers were told of the error .  the olympics are scheduled to open july 2 .
 how to super bowl # likeagirl <sec> a 60-second version of the # likeagirl video will air during the super bowl .  the video has been viewed more than 80 million times online , according to always .  women say that showcasing the ad during the super bowl could have an enormous impac .
 samantha power tweets picture of airport screening <sec> u.s . .  ambassador to the un samantha power tweets a picture of airport ebola screening .  she returns to the u.s. after a trip to ebola-affected regions of africa .  only one person in the u.s. is currently being treated for the viru .
 mom saves baby from under car that knocked them down <sec> new : `` god helped us , '' mother says of harrowing incident .  a car careens out of control , striking a woman and trapping her child under it .  surveillance video shows the young mother immediately trying to free her daughter .  neither is seriously hur .
 judge to hear new testimony in 1970 slaying of green beret doctor 's family <sec> new : `` we are very pleased at this point , '' macdonald lawyer says after first day .  jeffrey macdonald was convicted of killing his wife and two daughters in the 1970s .  macdonald blames a group of hippies for the murders .  court ruled last year that he was entitled to an evidentiary hearing ; attorneys cite new dna test .
 ex-first lady barbara bush hospitalized for tests <sec> new : former first lady will spend the night in a houston , texas , hospital .  new : `` she 's fine , '' spokesman for barbara bush 's husband says .  family spokeswoman : she complained recently about stomach pains .  tests tuesday night came back negative , ex-president 's spokesman say .
 cnn presents : escape from jonestown credits <sec> cnn presents : `` escape from jonestown '' premiered on nov. 13 , 2008 at 9 p.m . .  et .  in 1978 , 909 americans were led to mass murder-suicide by rev . .  jim jones .  one-third of the dead at jonestown were children ; only 33 people survived .  cnn special correspondent soledad o'brien reports on untold stories of survivor .
 presidents only look like they age faster <sec> wealth , access to healthcare , and education are all closely linked to longer lifespans .  researcher collected the birth , death , and inauguration dates of every american president .  two-thirds of presidents lived ( or are living ) longer than their projected lifespan .
 new details emerge in australian collar-bomb case <sec> u.s. district court documents reveal new details in collar-bomb case .  police used video and internet records to link paul douglas peters to case .  australian police plan to ask suspect be extradite .
 1 arrested after hockey fans fight <sec> new : da seeking increase in bail .  arrest made in brawl after hockey game .  fans were wearing rangers , flyers jerseys .  other suspects sough .
 activists slug it out to govern india 's capital <sec> two activists vie for new delhi 's top job .  both were comrades-in-arms some four years ago during massive anti-graft movement .  election also tests india 's pm narendra modi 's influenc .
 pennsylvania girl underwent two lung transplants , family reveals <sec> new : sarah murnaghan underwent two lung transplants , her family reveals .  new : her lungs failed after the first operation ; she was put on a bypass machine .  new : she underwent a second transplant 3 days .  family : `` we 're not out of the woods , but sarah 's health is trending in the right direction .
 rafael nadal misses u.s. open with wrist injury <sec> rafael nadal says he will miss the u.s. open because of a wrist injury .  it 's not the first time the spaniard will be unable to defend a grand slam title .  nadal suffered injury heartache in the year 's first major , hampered by a bad back .  roger federer will now be the tournament 's second seed after novak djokovi .
 u.s. warns russia : more sanctions coming due to ukraine crisis <sec> secretary kerry calls latest russian moves concerning .  president obama seeks a g7 meeting next week about ukraine .  vice president biden calls the crimea situation a `` land grab '' .  moscow 's isolation will only grow unless putin changes course , biden say .
 3 girls skipped school to sneak off and join isis <sec> all three girls skipped school and took a flight to germany , wanted to go to turkey .  officials say they were trying to make it to syria to join isis .  two of the girls , of somali descent , stole $ 2,000 from their parents .  the trio was caught at the airport in frankfurt , german .
 dazzling holiday light displays <sec> ozark mountain christmas draws more than 1.5 million visitors each year .  the biltmore estate decorates its 250-room country castle for the holidays .  see millions of lights at the osborne family spectacle of dancing lights .  christmas at rockefeller center in new york is a tradition for man .
 cnn student news - march 20 , 2014 <sec> this page includes the show transcript and the daily curriculum .  use the transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary .  the daily curriculum offers the media literacy question of the day , key concepts , fast facts and discussion questions .  at the bottom of the page , please share your feedback about our show and curriculu .
 opinion : when will obama reform our government ? <sec> julian zelizer : the defeat of the gun control bill was devastating for the obama administration .  zelizer : now the president faces another tough challenge with immigration reform .  obama 's trouble has more to do with how government works rather than his skills , he says .  zelizer : without reforming government , the path to gridlock is not going to disappea .
 japan , china hold talks on the future of korean peninsula <sec> peace between the koreas `` serves the common interests of all parties , '' an official says .  yoshihiko noda visits beijing for the first time as japanese prime minister .  china and japan also signed energy and environmental agreements .  both countries will also use their own currencies -- not the u.s. dollar -- in bilateral trad .
 ferguson protests spread coast to coast <sec> new : scores of protesters rally , march through downtown los angeles .  hundreds protest in london ; one calls `` institutional racism '' a global problem .  protesters from many ages and races filled times square in new york .  vandals in oakland , california , bust windows of a car dealership and loot store .
 taylor 's explosive innings seals new zealand victory over pakistan <sec> new zealand beat pakistan by 110 runs at the cricket world cup .  ross taylor smashes a superb unbeaten 131 as kiwis make 302-7 .  new zealand smash 100 off final five overs before pakistan slump to 192 all out .  england fast bowler stuart broad ruled out of world cup with a side strai .
 election winner faces a dangerous world <sec> foreign policy experts supporting obama , romney debate wednesday 9 p.m . .  et .  in recent op-eds , experts have raised key issues facing whoever is elected president .  will a dangerous world clash with an increasingly isolationist public ? .  how will america respond to the challenges of a rising asia and more powerful china .
 opinion : supreme court limits cell phone searches <sec> supreme court unanimously rules that cops ca n't search a cell phone without a warrant .  danny cevallos says people should pay more attention to fourth amendment cases .  he says phones can still be checked to make sure they 're not being used as weapons .  cevallos : court affirms fourth amendment passed to limit ability of law enforcement to searc .
 ryan knocks obama off perch as most talked about on facebook <sec> since being announced as romney 's running mate , ryan has dominated social media .  ryan 's relative anonymity before being picked helped him jump up the scale .  ryan 's facebook fans skew more toward males and olde .
 zuckerberg book club , read these 10 first <sec> jay parini : zuckerberg starting book club . .  he should read books that illuminate humanity .  he says classics by twain , gordimer , tolstoy , achebe , dillard among 10 must-read .
 key pakistan taliban commander gunned down amid deadly infighting <sec> ashiqullah mehsud was a key figure and trainer of suicide bombers in the group .  his execution comes amid deadly infighting between factions with pakistan taliban .  no group has claimed responsibility for the attack in the north wazirista .
 mexico arrests alleged leader of the gulf cartel near u.s. border <sec> mario armando ramirez trevino was captured near the u.s. border .  he is a suspected leader of mexico 's gulf cartel , one of the major drug-trafficking groups .  the group has suffered a series of blows recently , including the arrests of two top lieutenant .
 ex-sportscaster don tollefson charged in charity scam <sec> former sportscaster donald tollefson fraudulently raised charity money , authorities say .  tollefson , 61 , scammed more than 100 individuals , took more than $ 100,000 , police say .  he sold eagles game-day packages , did not turn in money , one charity say .
