 record-low sat scores a wake-up call <sec> william bennett : sat reading scores for 2011 high school class were lowest on record .  bennett : college board blames record numbers and diversity of test-takers , but this is no excuse .  he says some democrats agree that contracts , teacher performance need reform .  we can afford to pay best teachers more , if worst are held accountable , bennett say .
 earliest case of swine flu tucked away in mexico , officials say <sec> new : boy , 5 , with first documented case and only in village , recovering .  64 cases confirmed in united states , cdc says .  thousands flood mexican hospitals , scramble for masks .  who notes significant human-to-human transmission , a step toward pandemi .
 top officials in california urge judge to allow same-sex marriage <sec> governor and attorney general say enforcement of proposition 8 is not in the public interest .  defendants in the case have asked for a stay pending appeal .  the judge could make his decision as early as next week .  if he lifts the stay , california could start issuing same-sex marriage licenses immediatel .
 apparently this matters : meggings <sec> `` apparently this matters '' is cnn tech 's weekly , offbeat look at items trending online .  this week jarrett looks at the rise of `` meggings . '' .  gq has one word for the men 's pants style : `` no '' .  but , darn it , they 're probably comfortable , jarrett say .
 posters to jihadist websites mourn , celebrate bin laden <sec> radical islamic websites ring with praise of bin laden .  `` we wo n't cry today , but we will revenge , '' one poster wrote .  the terrorist leader 's al qaeda organization frequently used such sites to release message .
 bloomberg : nanny-in-chief or health crusader ? <sec> mayor michael bloomberg has made public health a top priority for new york .  he has touted many controversial health measures since becoming mayor in 2002 .  critics denounce it as too much government ; supporters say the initiatives have worked .  this month , a large sugary drink ban was set to take effect until a judge struck it dow .
 va will pay $ 20 million to settle lawsuit over stolen laptop 's data <sec> laptop had data on 26.5 million active duty troops and veterans .  2006 theft led to class-action lawsuit .  fbi says laptop stolen in routine burglary , data not accesse .
 20 dead in mexico prison riot , official says <sec> new : local media reports fight started when rivals clashed after conjugal visits .  official says riot has killed 20 people , wounded 15 ; none were officers .  high-security prison houses some of mexico 's most dangerous drug traffickers .  ciudad juarez , just across border from texas , has seen hundreds killed in past yea .
 muslim scholar 's fatwa condemns terrorism <sec> suicide bombers are destined for hell , author declares in a 600-page fatwa .  muhammad tahir ul-qadri also criticizes those who justify violence .  ul-qadri founded the minhaj-ul-quran , which has hundreds of thousands of follower .
 opinion : do kids still dream about space ? <sec> gen. j.r. `` jack '' dailey says , 45 years after the first moonwalk , the allure of space is still strong .  the air and space museum is home to neil armstrong 's spacesuit .  visitors can also find the apollo 11 command module there .  dailey : for many children and grown-ups , the moon landing represented infinite potentia .
 hip-hop program teaches kids health lessons <sec> hip hop public health uses music to communicate health messages to kids .  the program is coming out with an album called `` songs for a healthier america '' .  the movement began in new york but has nationwide potential , the founder say .
 former university student found dead in dorm planned larger attack <sec> new : james oliver seevakumaran , 30 , had built four homemade bombs , police chief says .  new : police think he pulled fire alarm , perhaps to draw people out of rooms , into open .  new : authorities piecing together information to figure out who he planned to attack .  new : he had few friends , had anger issues , chief say .
 pro-mubarak newspaper campaigns for dictator 's release <sec> supporters of mubarak publish a newspaper to lobby for his release and `` dignity '' .  editor of the newspaper says the revolution only brought damage to the country .  professor al allam says the revolution removed mubarak but left anarchy .  the polarized political and media landscape is a reflection of the anarchy , he add .
 fired employee kills headmistress , self in florida high school shooting <sec> new : authorities identify the suspected gunman as shane schumerth , 28 .  no students were believed to be involved in the incident .  the headmistress killed had worked at the private school for 34 years .  the fired employee returned to the school with an assault rifle , authorities sa .
 li na : chinese trailblazer retires at age of 32 <sec> chinese tennis star li na retires at age of 32 due to injury .  li was asia 's first grand slam singles champion .  the 32-year-old li had win-loss record of 503-188 .  li recorded prize money earnings of $ 16.7 millio .
 sources : taliban split with al qaeda , seek peace <sec> king abdullah hosted talks in city of mecca at end of september , source says .  saudi arabia has generally dealt with afghanistan through pakistan .  talks are the first aimed at bringing a negotiated settlement to the afghan conflict .  all parties agreed only solution to afghan conflict is dialogue , not fightin .
 brad pitt on 'killing them softly , ' marriage and that perfume ad <sec> brad pitt plays a mob enforcer in his new film , `` killing them softly '' .  he said their children are not prompting him and jolie to get married .  he has a sense of humor about the ribbing surrounding his chanel a .
 ktvu anchor apologizes for bogus crew names in crash story <sec> new : `` apologies to all upset by a story on noon news , '' anchor tori campbell tweets .  ktvu read the names on air , then apologized .  an intern erroneously confirmed the names of the flight crew , the ntsb say .
 honors student leaves doctor 's office , disappears <sec> cleashindra hall hoped to be a pediatrician .  she disappeared after leaving doctor 's office where she worked .  honor roll student was two weeks shy of high school graduation .  tip line : 870-543-5111 . .  reward exceeds $ 10,00 .
 german man sentenced for abusing stepdaughter <sec> there were allegations against detlef s. for more than a decade , officials say .  he was accused of 350 incidents of abuse of his daughter , stepdaughter and stepson .  he admits fathering the children but denies sexual abuse , the court says .  he was also accused of providing his daughter and stepdaughter to men who paid for sex with the .
 midnight 'tunnel moles ' of world 's longest undersea structure <sec> every night , engineers and maintenance workers descend to the darkest depths of the channel tunnel .  teams of workers clean and make essential repairs so that train services can run as planned during the day .  on some shifts workers are expected to cover more than 100 kilometers in just a few hour .
 emma stone to make broadway debut in 'cabaret ' <sec> stone will replace michelle williams .  alan cumming is extending his run .  stone 's boyfriend , andrew garfield , starred in `` death of a salesman .
 tony stewart-kevin ward jr. investigation concludes <sec> kevin ward jr. died after he was struck by tony stewart 's race car during a race .  a new york sheriff 's office has wrapped up its four-week investigation .  the da will take a week to examine the evidence , decide if there should be charges .  stewart has returned to nascar racing after a three-week hiatu .
 conditions improve at several european airports <sec> new : officials will investigate de-icing fluid shortage .  christmas day brings smoother operations at charles de gaulle airport .  about a foot of snow falls on the de gaulle roof , forcing a partial evacuation .  european airports are recovering from long delay .
 i spy a 'stealth starbucks ' <sec> not every starbucks features a mermaid or baristas in green smocks .  there are some `` stealth '' starbucks shops sprouting up .  the door of one such shop in seattle says it was `` inspired by starbucks '' .  company executive : stores are `` learning environments for us to be innovative .
 darfur peacekeeping convoy ambushed , 3 die <sec> slain peacekeepers were from senegal .  similar ambush killed 7 tanzanian peacekeepers in july .  secretary-general calls on sudan to apprehend attackers .  decade of conflict in darfur has killed up to 300,000 , displaced almost 3 millio .
 doctor says near-death experiences are in the mind <sec> woman whose heart stopped describes `` floating , '' seeing dead loved ones .  `` it was very peaceful and light and beautiful , '' laura geraghty says .  doctor links `` fight or flight reflex , '' intense dream state to near-death experiences .  those who have experienced it say it has changed their live .
 scientist : body in casey anthony 's trunk 'only plausible explanation ' <sec> arpad vass : seven compounds consistent with decomposition were found .  vass says the odor in air samples from the trunk was overwhelming .  casey anthony is accused of killing her 2-year-old daughter caylee in 2008 .  if convicted , she could face the death penalt .
 oops ! when social media goes wrong <sec> the new england patriots had a social fail on thursday .  the football team inadvertently posted a tweet that included a racial slur .  it 's the second social media gaffe this week .  earlier , bill cosby 's # cosbymeme went awr .
 armstrong 's bike stolen after race <sec> one-of-a-kind bicycle taken from team truck in california .  armstrong posted announcement of theft on twitter account .  champion cyclist aiming for comeback with participation in amgen tou .
 u.s. report : iran stopped nuclear weapons work in 2003 <sec> white house says new report does n't change u.s. policy toward iran .  declassified summary of intelligence estimate on iran 's nuclear work released .  estimate says tehran is `` less determined to develop nuclear weapons '' .  report : iran unlikely to have enough material for nuclear bomb until 2010-201 .
 louisiana pastor shot and killed while preaching <sec> `` it was just kind of chaotic , '' says the pastor 's daughter , who was inside the church .  pastor ronald j. harris was killed while preaching at his church in louisiana .  police say the 53-year-old suspect is a deacon at the church .  suspect turned himself in and is being held on $ 1 million bond , police sa .
 new jersey , mexico and south korea axed from formula one calendar <sec> new jersey , mexico and south korea dropped from 2014 formula one calendar .  one new race will take place in sochi , russia while austria returns to circuit .  new season starts in melbourne on march 16 .  abu dhabi will host final race on november 2 .
 why dna could be the future of data storage <sec> science is now looking to nature to find the best way to store data in a way that will make it last for millennia .  just one gram of dna is theoretically capable of containing all the data of internet giants such as google and facebook .  researchers in zurich wanted to find ways to combine the storage capacity of dna with the stability of the dna found in fossils .  the zurich team say their process could make the data encoded in dna readable in 10,000 years ' time or even longe .
 camera footage shows fatal mexico subway shooting <sec> shooting took place at the balderas station in central mexico city .  luis felipe hernandez castillo , 38 , had been writing graffiti .  when police tried to stop him he drew a gun and began firing .  witnesses heard hernandez castillo yelling anti-government slogan .
 back home : koala caper over at zoo <sec> new : mundu , a 2-year-old koala , is back and being checked out by a veterinarian .  he spent the day sleeping in a tree high above his exhibit .  no one knows exactly how he got out , but he posed no danger to the public .  the exhibit has a koala cam , but mundu 's houdini-like move was not caught on camer .
 10 things to know before visiting brazil <sec> brazil produces two of world 's biggest bashes in carnival and new year 's reveillon .  one of the larger cities in brazil sits halfway up the amazon river .  in world rankings for gap between rich and poor , brazil has the 11th largest gul .
 rapper the game apologizes for 'flashcalls , ' blames friend <sec> new : no criminal charges to be pursued against jayceon taylor , aka the game .  the rapper apologized earlier wednesday for the incident .  the rapper says a friend used his phone to tweet `` random numbers '' .  hundreds of the game 's followers flooded the sheriff 's station with call .
 uranium enrichment begins at iranian site <sec> new : the u.s. says the enrichment is `` further escalation '' by iran .  the iaea confirms uranium enrichment has begun at the fordo plant .  iran says its nuclear program has a medical purpose , a semi-official newspaper reports .  iran needs to enrich uranium to 20 % for radioisotopes to treat cancer , kayhan report .
 opinion : obama , end rampant deportations <sec> sally kohn : under obama administration , some 400,000 immigrants a year deported .  she says majority deported had no criminal record , families torn by deportations .  she says gop immigration reform efforts a ruse ; party obstructs fix to broken system .  kohn : obama must use executive discretion to halt rampant deportation .
 pakistan cricket players charged in gambling scandal <sec> new : players have been suspended pending a decision .  the players say they are innocent .  the pakistani high commissioner says he believes they are innocent .  charges follow allegations that players threw a game on sunda .
 witness 's fake eyeball pops out ; mistrial declared <sec> john huttick lost his prosthetic eye while testifying in a court hearing about an assault .  mathew brunelli is accused of stabbing huttick in the eye during a bar fight .  `` a bell like that ca n't be unrung , '' defense attorney eileen j. hurley says .  judge grants hurley 's request for a mistrial ; case is set to be retried march .
 inside the romney bubble : images from the final week of the campaigns <sec> cnn asked each campaign to submit photos from the final week before election day .  eric draper , romney 's photographer , also served as president george w. bush 's personal photographer .  these photographs are exclusive to cn .
 kenya deports jamaican-born muslim cleric <sec> kenyan anti-terror police picked up abdullah ibrahim el-faisal days after he passed into country unnoticed .  el-faisal sentenced in london to 9 years in prison in march 2003 for inciting others to commit murder .  he was paroled in 2007 after serving half his sentence and deported to jamaica , according to report .
 what starbucks ' # racetogether campaign missed ( opinion ) <sec> response mostly negative after starbucks launches initiative to talk about race relations .  dean obeidallah : starbucks might not be best place , but how do we start a talk about race .
 obama 's speech ties current issues to founding principles <sec> president obama 's inaugural address eschews poetry for rhetorical power .  the president 's speech invokes core themes of his re-election campaign .  his progressive address mentions climate change , gay marriage .  david gergen : obama said `` let 's talk about what 's essential .
 ex-d.c. cab driver <sec> he is a 29-year-old somali-born u.s. citizen .  he is accused of providing material support to al shabaa .
 fa cup giantkiller bradford slays new epl victim to reach quarterfinals <sec> third-flight bradford city beats epl sunderland in fa cup .  bradford stunned epl leader chelsea in previous round .  arsenal continues fa cup defense by beating middlesbrough 2-0 .  barcelona thrashes levante to keep pace with real madrid in la lig .
 columbine massacre changed school security <sec> 10 years after columbine , schools are taking a new look at security .  immediately after the shootings , schools added cameras and metal detectors .  now they 're trying to foster safer and better school communities .  meanwhile , overall funding for school security has dropped by about a thir .
 israel 's knesset dissolves amid political upheaval <sec> lawmakers vote to dissolve the knesset , leaving israel in political paralysis .  the bill passed with 93 votes in favor ; no one voted against it .  prime minister benjamin netanyahu had called for the dissolutio .
 chris brown pleads guilty in rihanna assault case <sec> new : singer reaches plea deal over attack on girlfriend .  singer will serve five years of probation , do community service .  brown pleaded not guilty earlier in connection with assault on rihanna .  brown will undergo domestic violence counseling , judge sai .
 sunny von bulow dies after 28 years in coma <sec> husband claus von bulow was accused of trying to kill her with insulin overdose .  conviction overturned on appeal ; he was acquitted in second trial .  claus von bulow , living in england , is saddened by former wife 's death , lawyer says .  she is survived by three children and nine grandchildre .
 even taylor swift 's silence is golden <sec> a silent track was released by mistake .  it went to no . .  1 on itunes in canada .  the star 's new album , `` 1989 , '' is due october 2 .
 book festival allowed into gaza after five-year wait <sec> palfest is a traveling festival that visits palestinian communities .  the group entered gaza for the first time after four years visiting jerusalem and the west bank .  the 37 writers and artists received permission from egypt to enter gaza through the rafah crossin .
 gulf reopen for drilling as region suffers <sec> cynthia sarthou : gulf waters open for drilling before bp spill even assessed or cleaned .  new rules do n't go far enough , she says ; federal agency lacks resources to enforce .  sarthou : gulf fishing industry and people just hanging on ; seafood safety in question .  local communities must have voice in oil , gas development decisions , sarthou write .
 white powder alert at 16 u.s. embassies <sec> sixteen u.s. embassies in europe receive mail containing white powder .  tests show powder harmless in 15 cases ; results pending in 16th case .  u.s. embassy official in madrid : `` we know where the package is coming from .
 motive for iranian student 's killing a mystery <sec> iranian dissident gelareh bagherzadeh , 30 , was shot and killed in january .  she was a student at ut in houston .  the motive for her killing is still unclear .  police are exploring her involvement with protest group sabzhousto .
 official : convicted former rutgers student wo n't be deported <sec> dharun ravi was convicted in may of spying on and intimidating his gay roommate .  the roommate 's suicide thrust the issue of cyberbullying into the national spotlight .  officials reviewed ravi 's criminal record and opted not to deport him , a spokesman say .
 apparently this matters : bacon shortage <sec> apparently this matters is cnn tech 's weekly , off-beat look at topics trending on social media .  this week , jarrett bellini reflects on the internet 's brief , horrible fear of a bacon-free planet .  uk researchers had suggested drought would n't leave enough crops to feed the pigs .  in other news , bacon would make a great presiden .
 record haul of cocaine seized in gambia <sec> cocaine bust largest ever in west africa , soca says .  latin american cocaine was bound for europe .  latin drug cartels have been active across the atlantic .  europe has expanding market for cocain .
 additional remains sent to landfill , air force acknowledges <sec> mortuary at dover air force base handles remains of returning war dead .  new jersey congressman says the pentagon should have acted faster .  an earlier report found mismanagement at the mortuary .  service members ' body parts incinerated , buried with medical wast .
 u.s. star altidore suffers racial abuse <sec> u.s. star jozy altidore suffered racial abuse during dutch cup game .  the az alkmaar player was subjected to racist chanting during match at den bosch .  referee suspended match during the first half and asked den bosch to make announcement over loudspeaker .  match resumed after brief delay and altidore scored in 5-0 wi .
 cnn poll : one in four worry about getting ebola - cnnpolitics.com <sec> a cnn survey finds 27 % of americans are worried about getting ebola .  more people are concerned about being victimized by terrorism .  president obama says chances of an outbreak in the u.s. are `` extremely low '' .  but he says its spread in west africa is a `` national security priority .
 iraqi rappers voice reality , pain : 'we livin ' in hell ' <sec> smashing hits is an english-language rap group based in baghdad .  its five members rap about life in iraq , aiming to send `` a message to the west '' .  one member says some of his lyrics are inspired by the deadly october 31 church sieg .
