 u.s. official : almost no doubt assad regime used chemical weapons <sec> u.n. inspectors will be allowed to visit scene of reported chemical attack , syria says .  syria 's government denies using chemical weapons .  u.s. official : `` only the assad regime is responsible for chemical weapons use '' .  russia says u.s. allegations remind it of iraq wa .
 police : time 'running out ' in search for missing girl <sec> police cast doubt on stepmother 's story , plead for help .  `` we are running out of time , folks '' .  10-year-old zahra clare baker was reported missing saturday .  the girl 's stepmother is being held on worthless check charge .
 55 colleges investigated over handling of sexual violence complaints <sec> list includes colleges and universities from 27 states and washington , d.c . .  education department : `` we hope this increased transparency will spur community dialogue '' .  rape is a longstanding issue on campuses , but activists are now casting it as a cultural problem .  any federally funded school not complying with title ix risks losing fundin .
 opinion : drones over america ? time for debate <sec> daniel suarez : faa releases road map for drones in civilian airspace by 2015 .  he says privacy advocates complain but believes faa 's approach is sound .  he says civilian drones inevitable and useful ; we must hash out best guidelines .  suarez : outcry over aircraft resulted in formation of faa ; drone debate is necessar .
 should cops wear cameras ? <sec> some believe police should wear video cameras to document interactions with suspects .  the idea has gained traction since the fatal shooting of michael brown in ferguson , missouri .  cameras could provide evidence for prosecutions , but some officers do n't like the extra scrutin .
 australia warns of 'high risk of terrorism ' at india games <sec> new : indian police say they have stepped up security .  the warning came a day after 2 tourists are shot .  gunmen on a motorcycle fire multiple rounds at a tour bus .  both victims are taiwanese national .
 hillary clinton launch : giant staff and intimate events - cnnpolitics.com <sec> white house weighing whether obama should meet with raul castro .  a serious congressional ripple effect from the menendez indictment ? .  it 's decision time for gop operatives as the 2016ers get ready to launc .
 opinion : waffles and fedex : an american tale <sec> bob greene wondered why waffle house menu sold toddle house omelets .  toddle house eateries were a staple of his youth .  toddle house was the root of a remarkable father-son success story .  the son of toddle house 's founder , grew up to succeed in a different ventur .
 nepal villagers escape earthquake zone <sec> indian air force and nepalese army medical team launch rescue mission to bring injured people to hospitals in kathmandu .  forshani tamang 's family carried her for four hours to reach help after she was wounded when their home was destroye .
 prime minister says egypt 'scrambling ' after at least 23 killed in clashes <sec> new : the egyptian rebels coalition blames `` interference from outside '' for the violence .  egypt 's prime minister says the clashes `` brought us back , '' forces are `` scrambling '' .  the army says 12 troops died ; a coptic leader says 17 civilians died ; one official says 23 total .  an emergency meeting with army and coptic leaders will be monday , an official say .
 u.s. team reaches pakistan avalanche site <sec> the u.s. team includes 8 experts .  groups are also coming from switzerland and germany .  as many as 139 people could be trapped , officials sa .
 the women who blew the whistle on student-athlete illiteracy <sec> college staff who complain about student-athlete learning say they are harassed .  early whistle-blower jan kemp was demoted , then fired , sued to be reinstated .  linda bensel-meyers received death threats mentioning her childre .
 reports : 6 die as georgia shells south ossetia <sec> georgian official said south ossetia had fired on georgian villages first .  women , children , elderly being evacuated from the conflict zone .  georgia split by russian-backed separatist movements in south osseti .
 on iran , is obama a sad negotiator ? ( opinion ) <sec> president obama has written another letter to iran 's supreme leader .  frida ghitis : obama does n't seem to be a good negotiator when it comes to nuclear deal .  she says reports suggest west is proposing to give iran more concessions .  ghitis : iran has played an expert game , obama could use some hel .
 exclusive : former pm : william and kate reinvigorated monarchy <sec> former british pm impressed by young royals .  john major tells cnn : i think that catherine has been faultless so far .  he says prince william is helping modernize the family 's imag .
 apparently this matters : obie , the obese dog <sec> bellini : for whatever reason , the internet world seems to be fascinated by fat .  a dachshund named obie in portland , oregon , weighs 77 pounds .  obie 's new owner started a facebook page to track his weight loss .  bellini : i do n't get why my dog 's not hyper-bonkers-insane about food like other dog .
 protesters in bahrain retake pearl roundabout <sec> new : `` it 's the beginning , the beginning of our freedom , '' one protester says .  crown prince says protesters can stay in the roundabout without fear .  bahrainis retake the site after military pulls out .  ten people died this week during bahraini unres .
 harry potter park opens at universal studios japan <sec> universal studios japan 's wizarding world of harry potter opened to the public this week .  mirroring its american counterpart , the osaka attraction features recreations of hogsmeade and hogwarts .  the wizarding world of harry potter was built at a cost of â¥45 billion ( $ 442 million .
 sports ' least-known all-time great <sec> new jersey devils goalie martin brodeur turned 40 on may 6 .  he could n't celebrate because he was about to lead the devils to the eastern conference finals .  steve politi : `` no goaltender in nhl history has won more games than brodeur '' .  he won his first stanley cup at 23 ; he could win his fourth at an age most players are retire .
 landrieu issues battle cry , but louisiana not listening <sec> cnn projects rep. bill cassidy will defeat sen. mary landrieu .  some polls had her down by as much as 24 points to her gop challenge .
 daily discussion - april 10 , 2013 <sec> use these questions to help students understand today 's featured news stories .  today 's daily discussion includes the media literacy question of the da .
 indian diplomat devyani khobragade indicted again <sec> devyani khobragade is indicted on visa fraud and false statement charges .  diplomat faces arrest if she returns to the united states .  indictment comes days after court dismisses the original indictment against her .  diplomatic immunity is key defense in khobragade 's cas .
 israeli soccer players attacked by protesters at austrian friendly <sec> players from maccabi haifa attacked during a pre-season friendly with lille .  protestors bearing turkish and palestinian flags invade the pitch late on .  israeli fa considering whether to ask uefa to open an investigation .  maccabi general manager says `` co-existence at our club is well known .
 va to apologize for mistaken lou gehrig 's disease notices <sec> new : va says some 600 people got letters in error due to a `` coding error '' .  letters sent last week informed 1,864 veterans and survivors of als diagnosis .  va : `` employees are personally contacting '' those who do n't have disease .  agency is reviewing notification process to ensure no such error is repeate .
 ohio tragedy shows wild animals belong in the wild <sec> will travers : exotic animals must not be exploited as `` pets '' or backyard oddities .  travers : ohio slaughter of 48 wild animals , including 18 tigers and 17 lions , is appalling .  ohio has a record of violent encounters between animals and people , he says .  `` owning '' exotic animals inexcusable , he says , and also puts human lives at ris .
 mugabe declared winner of presidency in zimbabwe <sec> tsvangirai to challenge the results in court .  african union gives its blessing , despite noting shortcomings .  problems included voters getting turned away and biased media , they say .  u.s. says it does n't believe results `` represent a credible expression '' of the people 's wil .
 porn star marilyn chambers dies at 56 <sec> new : she had been set to sign contract for off-broadway show with ron jeremy .  marilyn chambers starred in some of the most famous porn movies of '70s .  chambers , once a model for ivory snow , was in `` behind the green door '' .  chambers ' body was found sunday ; investigators do not suspect foul pla .
 50 confirmed dead in mumbai building collapse <sec> a council urged residents to vacate the building months ago .  it was rickety and dangerous , a notice warned .  the old residential building in southern mumbai gave way early friday .  around 22 apartments were occupied on the building 's upper floors , the owner say .
 musharraf : pakistan 'treated unequally ' in war on terror <sec> `` we are ... in the lead role fighting the global war on terror , '' musharraf says .  he says pakistan receives small amount of u.s. aid compared to afghanistan , iraq .  opinion of u.s. is low due to drone strikes in pakistani tribal region , musharraf say .
 israel , egypt reach swap deal to free suspected spy <sec> an egyptian general says israel wanted another prisoner included in the swap .  grapel is charged with espionage and incitement to burn government buildings .  u.s. secretary of state clinton said last week the u.s. was `` hopeful '' for his release .  israel denies that the 27-year-old with u.s. and israeli citizenship is a sp .
 south sudan president seeks return of $ 4 billion he says was spirited away <sec> president kiir writes to former and current `` senior '' officials seeking money lost to corruption .  most was `` taken out of the country and deposited in foreign accounts , '' the letter says .  the shutdown of oil production in a dispute with sudan has left the country in dire strait .
 possible eric frein sighting reported in pennsylvania <sec> eric matthew frein is suspected in the september 12 ambush of two officers .  one of the officers died ; the other was wounded .  the possible sighting was reported by a residen .
 how hope can help you heal <sec> the positive physiological effects of hope are well-documented .  hope may buffer us from stress , anxiety and the effects of negative life events .  studies show that hope promotes healthy daily behavior .
 dengue fever hits indian team as commonwealth games open with fanfare <sec> doctors think gogoi may have contracted the disease outside the athletes ' village .  dengue kills 25,000 people every year .  the games open in a lavish ceremon .
 wu tang 's 'secret ' album has a new featured guest : cher <sec> cher will collaborate with the rap group .  only one copy of the album is being pressed .  the album will be sold to the highest bidde .
 pakistani taliban release 2nd tape , say voice is that of leader <sec> new : taliban in pakistan issue another tape they say is by hakimullah mehsud .  new : speaker declares he is `` alive and in good health '' .  reports conflict over whether mehsud was injured in a drone strike this week .  last week taliban released video of mehsud with the man who killed seven cia employee .
 indian police : man chops off daughter 's head , citing her 'indecent behavior ' <sec> a man brings the severed head of his daughter to a police outpost in india .  the divorced daughter had been killed for `` indecent behavior , '' the man says .  the woman 's mother was too distraught to talk , police sai .
 ferguson inquiry mired in acrimony between officials <sec> local officials want a united front when a grand jury decision is announced .  justice department officials have rejected the idea ; they want to appear independent .  officials fear being blamed if violence erupts after the decision is announced .  a grand jury is deciding whether to bring officer darren wilson to trial in michael brown 's deat .
 analyst : weeks of woes await sodden bangkok <sec> 255 pumps are credited with keeping much of inner bangkok dry .  thai pm lays out three-point flood recovery plan .  more than 500 people have died , interior ministry say .
 atheist soldier sues army for 'unconstitutional ' discrimination <sec> army spc . .  jeremy hall was raised baptist but is now an atheist .  his sudden lack of faith cost him his military career and put his life at risk , he says .  hall sued the defense department ; claims military is a christian organization .  pentagon official : complaints about evangelizing are `` relatively rare .
 india gang-rape , murder case moved to fast track <sec> the case against five men is to begin monday , lawyers for the defendants say .  a sixth alleged attacker may be tried in a youth court once his age is confirmed .  the 23-year-old victim died after being flown to singapore for treatmen .
 polish prince challenges ukip 's nigel farage to duel <sec> polish prince jan zylinski has challenged ukip leader nigel farage to a duel .  in a video , zylinski says he is sick of poles being discriminated against in britai .
 round 1 in debates goes to obama , poll says <sec> post-debate cnn poll suggests obama came out on top over mccain .  most debate watchers agreed mccain , obama would be able to handle presidency .  male respondents split evenly among candidates ; women liked obama over mccai .
 opinion : high court ruling is all about gutting unions <sec> supreme court rules home health care workers not required to pay public sector union fees .  sally kohn : unions raise wages , benefits for all employees , union and nonunion alike .  kohn : powerful anti-union interests could use this to chip away at unions even more .  kohn : the freedom of employees to work together for better conditions in dange .
 commentary : take fight to the pirates <sec> tom wilkerson : pirates based in somalia represent threat to crews and cargo .  he says u.s. strategy so far has failed to deter piracy .  wilkerson : we should follow example set 200 years ago by thomas jefferson .  he says the u.s. needs to attack the pirates at their base .
 who is the suspect in the norway attacks ? <sec> new : the 32-year-old suspect 's anti-muslim sentiments reflect broader tensions in europe .  the head of a conservative party says she is horrified that this man is a former member .  anders behring breivik is charged in the oslo blast and utoya shooting , reports say .  officers are searching two addresses , a flat in oslo and a farm , connected to the suspec .
 lamar odom pleads not guilty to dui <sec> lamar odom was not in court for wednesday 's hearing .  khloe kardashian 's husband has another court date next month .  officer says odom drove his white mercedes suv in a `` serpentine manner at 50 mph .
 faa appeals decision on commercial drones <sec> raphael pirker remotely piloted a model plane for commercial purposes .  the faa said he needed to get authorization beforehand .  but federal administrative judge sides with pilot , dumps fine .  faa appealed , saying it fears the decision could impact safet .
 physical inactivity causes 1 in 10 deaths worldwide , study says <sec> physical inactivity causes 1 in 10 deaths worldwide , series of studies in lancet say .  researchers suggest public health officials treat inactivity as a pandemic .  inactivity often rises with age and is higher in women as well as in high-income countries .  studies : exercise events and better public transportation help improve physical activit .
 saudi rape victim 's husband blames judge for punishment <sec> new : husband says one of the judges at the trial was pursuing `` a personal vendetta '' .  court more than doubled woman 's original sentence of 90 lashes to 200 .  woman convicted of violating law by not having a male guardian with her .  husband : saudi society is very respectful to women in genera .
 air india pilot , crew suspended after cockpit overstay <sec> earlier media reports said plane 's pilots both left the cockpit .  air india denies cockpit was left unattended .  airline took administrative action after it confirmed an overstay inciden .
 couple accused of spying for cuba ordered held without bail <sec> new : judge rules that husband , wife will remain in jail as they await trial .  new : he cites concern about pair fleeing beyond reach of u.s. law enforcement .  they 're charged with conspiracy , wire fraud , providing classified data to havana .  state department has n't said what data the pair may have passed to cuban handler .
 saturday in davos : setting the global agenda <sec> saturday features christine lagarde , sheryl sandberg and mario draghi .  highlights include discussion on the future of european banking and a look-ahead at the 2014 global agend .
 balloon boy incident raises more questions , officials say <sec> boy 's remark on cnn , `` we did this for the show , '' sparks speculation about stunt .  sheriff : `` we believe at this time that it 's a real event '' .  father says boy was confused about scores of reporters outside house .  millions feared boy was inside balloon as it floated over colorado countrysid .
 china labor unrest flares as orders fall <sec> china is facing its worst wave of labor unrest since a series of wildcat strikes last year .  more than 10,000 workers in shenzhen and dongguan have gone on strike the past wee .
 actress kathy bates recovering from double mastectomy <sec> actress was diagnosed with breast cancer two months ago , according to a tweet from bates .  her publicist says the star of `` harry 's law '' did n't have to undergo chemotherapy .  bates nominated for two emmy award .
 thousands protest 'anti-protest ' law in spain <sec> thousands protest in madrid against a proposed law that puts restrictions on demonstrations .  at least 7 people were arrested and 23 injured after clashes broke out , according to state tv .  spain has had many protests since passing stiff austerity measures .  the country 's unemployment rate is 26 .
 report : airstrikes target new islamist group in syria <sec> u.s. defense official says khorasan group bomb-maker was killed in an airstrike .  at least six al-nusra front militants killed in airstrike near aleppo , monitoring group says .  airstrike hits islamist group ahrar al sham , syrian human rights group says .  ahrar al sham is a sunni muslim group that is not on a u.s. list of designated terror group .
 japanese citizens turning in cash found in tsunami zone <sec> japanese children are taught to return lost items to police .  after three months , the finder can take the cash .  people are waiving their rights to the money when they turn it i .
 crowd drags ethiopian corpse , echoing 1993 brutality <sec> ethiopian soldier dragged after battle with islamic insurgents killed 19 people .  the body was bound hand and foot with wire and wrapped in a sheet of plastic .  incident recalls 1993 dragging of u.s. soldier through streets of mogadishu .  washington is concerned somalia could turn into a safe haven for terrorist .
 commentary : issues -- not gender or race -- on minds of voters <sec> holley-walker : race-or-gender choice is driven by media , not reality .  she writes that african-american women are talking about the issues .  african-american women expressing their pride in both candidates , she add .
 professor apologizes for india rape comments <sec> professor notes she has indians in her class and interning at her laboratory .  an online post suggests a german professor rejected a student over india 's `` rape problem '' .  professor denies this but does apologize for anyone `` hurt '' by her remarks on indian societ .
 lindsay lohan 's too poor to pay a psychologist , lawyer says <sec> new : lohan 's sag insurance expired because of no acting work , her lawyer tells the judge .  new : the judge gives lohan three weeks to start counseling or face jail .  new : cheap group therapy wo n't work because lohan 's famous , the judge says .  the actress has a year to complete 480 hours of community servic .
 'veronica mars ' love triangle resolved ? <sec> the `` veronica mars '' movie opens friday .  the love triangle was a a central plot of the show .  creator says he would love a netflix or amazon reboot of the serie .
