 air force grounds jets used to protect ground troops in combat <sec> 127 a-10 thunderbolt iis will be grounded because of fatigue cracks in wings .  a-10s first delivered to air force in 1975 ; average age is 28 years .  none of the cracks has been attributed to accidents .  planes used in iraq , afghanistan to protect ground troops in close combat situation .
 tsunami-hit city fights back from tragedy <sec> much of kamaishi looked as if it had been placed in a blender after the tsunami .  daiji murai , a spokesman for the city , feared the living would abandon the city .  six months later , the city in northeastern japan has made huge progress .  but many businesses still remain closed , with thousands still in temporary housin .
 ebola : how not to respond to the threat ( opinion ) <sec> u.s. response to ebola is key for setting global example , writes idris ayodeji bello .  but too many institutions are overreacting , bello says .  travel ban for flights from west africa would be counterproductive , he say .
 officials : cabinet for emerging libyan government finalized <sec> the slate of ministers was made final sunday , 2 transitional council spokesmen say .  many recognize the council as libya 's government , but it had not had a cabinet .  the red cross delivers much-needed supplies in the besieged city of sirt .
 what 's going on in ukraine ? <sec> armed squads appear at crimean airports .  ousted ukrainian president speaks defiantly ... from russia .  meanwhile , ukrainian parliament continues to build new governmen .
 reeva to oscar pistorius : 'i 'm scared of you sometimes ' <sec> new : chat messages show reeva was afraid of pistorius sometimes .  prosecutor gerrie nel is known for surprises , including hints his case may be nearly over .  pistorius is accused of intentionally killing girlfriend reeva steenkamp in 2013 .  pistorius says he thought she was an intruder and shot in self-defens .
 u.n. slams 'stream of executions ' in gambia <sec> the executions are a `` major step backwards , '' a u.n. official says .  the gambian president wants all death-row inmates to be executed by mid-september .  the small nation is surrounded by senega .
 inmate says he has clues about missing woman <sec> inmate calls missing woman 's father , says he heard other inmates talking .  police say inmate 's information is nothing new .  jennifer kesse was 24 , disappeared three years ago near orlando , florida .  information ? .  call 1-800-423-tips . .  a $ 10,000 reward is offere .
 ama apologizes for racially biased policies <sec> largest u.s. physicians group apologizes for previous discrimination .  ama required state , local medical society membership ; many were closed to blacks .  african-american physician group accepts apology .  ama says it 's working to lessen racial inequalities in medicin .
 4 things obama should do -- fast ( opinion ) <sec> jason johnson : democrats ' losses came despite country doing well .  obama must quickly focus on four key issues .  johnson : many obama policies , rather than party , still popula .
 emmy nominations announced <sec> netflix 's `` house of cards '' in emmy race .  `` breaking bad , '' `` mad men , '' `` 30 rock '' get emmy noms .  `` american horror story : asylum , '' `` game of thrones '' are leaders .  emmys will air september 2 .
 underground budapest : caverns , churches and bunkers <sec> hills under the hungarian capital are riddled with caves , many formed by water from the city 's spas .  many of the caves are open to the public , with guided tours and spelunking expeditions .  subterranean attractions include a former hospital , a cold war bunker and a churc .
 libya confirms businessman as new premier after chaotic vote <sec> ahmad mitig confirmed by congress as fifth prime minister since end of 2011 uprising .  confirmation follows chaotic scenes in parliament on sunday .  tripoli government struggling to impose order in country awash with weapons .  many libyans angry at slow democratic progress , worsening securit .
 charges dropped in rebecca sedwick bullying case <sec> new : legal experts had said the case could inspire similar felony prosecutions .  the two girls were cleared of stalking allegations , their attorneys say .  there was 'zero evidence ' , defense attorney jose baez says .  rebecca sedwick , 12 , jumped to her death in septembe .
 oops , i left my sexual orientation at home <sec> lz granderson : experts widely agree it 's irrational to think one can choose sexual orientation .  california governor signed law barring `` sexual re-orientation '' treatment for minors .  so-called `` reparative therapy '' has been renounced by author who suggested it .  lz : conservative pastor says he did n't choose own orientation but ca n't explain gay .
 three palestinian refugees die in iraq <sec> u.n. agency appeals for medical resettlement of palestinians in iraq camps .  about 2,000 palestinians in camps along iraq-syria border .  30 to 40 refugees arrive at border camp each week , unhcr say .
 can obama stop a romney victory ? <sec> alex castellanos : what if there are no more surprises in the presidential campaign ? .  he says the momentum since the first debate has been all in favor of romney .  it may be too late for obama to make up for his debate weakness , castellanos says .  castellanos : both candidates have shown they can handle town hall forma .
 love me ( legal ) tender : elvis ranch on market for $ 6.5 million <sec> 154.5-acre ranch in horn lake , mississippi , once lived in by elvis presley .  presley purchased it in february 1967 , 3 months before marrying priscilla beaulieu .  the property has been on the market since last month .  current owners bought property in 1979 and turned it into a cattle ranc .
 kim seals first major after webb falters on final hole <sec> teenager hyo-joo kim wins evian championship .  two-shot swing on final hole of final women 's major of the season .  australia 's karrie webb bogeys to finish in second .  kim shot a course record 61 in the first roun .
 with surging numbers , asian-americans look for congressional gains <sec> asian pacific institute for congressional studies monitors elections .  it says 30 asian-americans launched congressional bids in 2012 vs. 10 hopefuls in 2010 .  u.s. rep. judy chu , d-california : `` it 's a great step forward '' .  asian-americans are among the fastest-growing groups in the u.s .
 strike cripples pakistan 's national airline <sec> second day of strike ends with police charging protesters , passengers , aviation official says .  union is angry over proposed code share agreement with turkish airlines .  union has demanded dismissal of airline chief but government has refuse .
 plane carrying skydivers crashes in belgium <sec> new : 10 skydivers , the pilot are killed when their plane crashes , nearby city reports .  new : belgium 's king and prime minister go to the crash site , adds the city .  new : an investigation is underway to determine why the plane crashe .
 arizona , new mexico residents return to see wildfires ' impact <sec> more than 10,000 firefighters battle wildfires in 12 states .  acreage burned this year is three times the 10-year average , u.s. agency says .  a fast-moving texas wildfire forces the evacuation of 1,800 homes and businesses .  arizona 's wallow fire has burned 527,774 acre .
 report : bahrain adopts zero tolerance torture policy <sec> bahrain 's government is adopting recommendations made by an independent commission .  the commission found that police tortured civilians arrested during a crackdown on protests .  additionally , bahrain is reinstating government workers fired for `` free speech activity .
 airasia flight : radar should help find it ( opinion ) <sec> les abend : it 's premature to compare missing airasia plane wto mh370 .  search for airaisa plane has just begun ; it 's been nine months since mh370 disappeared .  he says it 's far too early to draw any conclusion .
 octuplets ' mom plans to write book , signs tv deal <sec> nadya suleman 's lawyer says she 's met with ghost writer ; no publisher yet .  she 's also getting an advance on reality tv show ; she will handle the camera .  lawyer : `` she needs to do something more than just flip hamburgers all day '' .  suleman , already mother of six , gave birth to octuplets in januar .
 jeb bush resigns from board positions - cnnpolitics.com <sec> jeb bush has resigned from corporate and nonprofit board memberships , aide says .  the resignations come as bush gauges support for a potential candidacy .  former florida governor 's father and brother have both served as presiden .
 music stops for country duo brooks & dunn <sec> the pair said they will tour one last time next year as a goodbye to fans .  brooks & dunn have released more than a dozen albums and had 20 no . .  1 hits .  the duo will release a compilation on september .
 bailey-cole steps up to claim commonwealth gold <sec> kemar bailey-cole wins 100m title at commonwealth games .  usain bolt sat out race but runs in 4x100m relay .  2012 olympic hero chad le clos doubles up in swimming pool .  nicol david and nick matthew claim squash title .
 five of the best women-only private members clubs <sec> women-only private members clubs are becoming more and more popular .  mainly based in london , these clubs offer spaces to work , socialize and relax .  with hefty membership fees and waiting lists , some of these clubs are pretty exclusiv .
 pacific tsunami warning canceled <sec> warning canceled for vanuatu , solomon islands and new caledonia .  warning was issued after 7.2-magnitude earthquake hit near island of vanuatu .  there were no reports of serious damage or injuries from the quak .
 are these the world 's most unlikely political bedfellows ? <sec> kim dotcom 's political party has formed an alliance with a maori nationalist 's party .  the alliance is seen in new zealand as an unlikely political marriage of convenience .  the move will give both parties a better chance of winning seats in elections in september .  the u.s. is seeking to extradite german-born dotcom on criminal digital piracy charge .
 vital victories for man city and chelsea <sec> manchester city extend english premier league lead to five points on saturday .  city 's 3-0 win over blackburn puts pressure on manchester united to beat norwich on sunday .  chelsea return to the top four with 3-0 win over bolton that ends poor run of results .  newcastle join fifth-placed arsenal on 43 points after being held 2-2 by wolverhampto .
 killer 's barber : his mom did the talking <sec> barber was cutting hair on friday when sandy hook massacre happened .  the killer , adam lanza , had come to him for haircuts since he was about 12 .  lanza 's mother would bring her son in , but the cuts stopped after five years .  barber said lanza 's behavior was odd , but he never thought he 'd turn violen .
 police : escaped inmate rappelled down building using bedsheets <sec> joshua duane barnes , 21 , was last seen on 7th floor at texas medical facility .  he apparently tied bedsheets together and exited window , police official says .  department of criminal justice has tracking dogs , officers searching the are .
 nawaz sharif arrives in pakistan <sec> former pakistani prime minister nawaz sharif arrives in lahore .  police arrest hundreds of sharif supporters ahead of his arrival .  sharif was deported back to saudi arabia in september .  president pervez musharraf ousted sharif in a bloodless coup in 199 .
 3 boys believed abducted by fathers found in the netherlands <sec> three boys went missing in july 2008 , allegedly abducted by their fathers .  they were recovered tuesday and their fathers arrested .  report : mothers left saturday for the netherland .
 death toll jumps from turkey quake <sec> 26 people have been rescued from wednesday 's quake .  a deadlier 7.2 quake last month left 604 people dead .  `` we have n't gotten any aid , '' a father in the stricken region says .  riot police battled demonstrators in va .
 police arrest 100-plus anti-war demonstrators at white house fence <sec> the anti-war protest also was a rally in support of wikileaks .  daniel ellsberg , of `` pentagon papers '' fame , was among those arrested .  ellsberg says he regards the latest leaks `` as a very admirable act .
 opinion : what ghana can teach the rest of africa about democracy <sec> ghana heads to the polls on december 7 .  it has successfully held elections and transferred power on five occasions since 1992 .  george ayittey : free media , civil groups , are secrets of the country 's success .  these factors can ensure free , fair and peaceful elections across africa , he say .
 slain nevada teacher michael landsberry hailed as a hero <sec> wife writes on facebook : `` he was my everything , my world ! '' .  teacher walked toward shooter , police confirm .  boy with gun killed the teacher , wounded two students .  identity of shooter , who killed himself , not yet release .
 panel gives judge a ringing rebuke <sec> judge sent 46 people to jail after cell phone rang in courtroom .  new york legal commission removes him from office .  through his attorney , judge apologizes for overreactin .
 stan wawrinka : hawk-eye has undermined tennis umpires <sec> stan wawrinka weighs into debate on hawkeye line judging system .  swiss star believes it can undermine authority of chair umpire .  warinka admits he motivates himself by occasional argument with umpire .  won 2014 australian open titl .
 56 fires scorch eastern australia ; state of emergency declared <sec> total burn ban in place across sydney region .  at least 200 homes have been destroyed by just two fires .  12 of the 56 fires burning sunday are not contained , a rural fire service says .  more than 109,000 hectares ( 269,000 acres ) of land has been burne .
 only students can truly end hazing <sec> roland martin says he has long been opposed to hazing .  the death of a university band member has raised the topic again , he notes .  a zero tolerance policy on hazing is needed now , martin say .
 typhoon haiyan : information for travelers <sec> most domestic flights in the philippines canceled as super typhoon haiyan hits land .  u.s. embassy in manila issues emergency warning to citizens .  airports shut in areas under storm warning signal no . .
 from praying to preying ? pastor accused of raping his parishioners <sec> jorge juan castro , an associate pastor , is being held in lieu of $ 2 million bail .  the alleged abuse began shortly after he arrived from argentina .  castro allegedly raped more than 20 undocumented immigrants .  he allegedly threatened to have them deported if they tol .
 justice ginsburg deals with injury , indulges in opera <sec> ginsburg is recovering from fractured ribs , sources say .  her injury is n't getting in the way of her work or leisure pursuits .  alec baldwin suggests a biography for justice william dougla .
 father of abducted virginia girl calls her safe recovery 'a miracle ' <sec> new : benjamin smith says he 's excited to reunite with his daughter .  a california woman says she locked eyes with brittany smith outside a store .  the girl has headed back to virginia , while her alleged abductor is in custody .  the man is a `` very good suspect '' in the girl 's mother 's death , police sa .
 not much rattling nicolas cage these days <sec> nicolas cage voices character of speckles the mole in `` g-force '' .  disney 's `` g-force '' opens in u.s. theaters on friday , july 24 .  `` i like movies where you feel like you 're going into another world , '' cage say .
 avio head : europe risks becoming a 'half-baked cake ' <sec> the head of aerospace firm avio says a new model is needed for european growth .  europe must innovate to avoid being `` squeezed '' by the muscle of china and the u.s . .  avio is the prime contractor for the vega rocket system , first launched in february .  the system is for small satellites , which avio believes will drive the aerospace marke .
 an uphill battle to combat latino childhood obesity <sec> a disproportionately high number of latino-american families struggle with obesity .  programs designed specifically for latino children have had mixed results .  economic factors play a major role for many latinos in their weight struggles .  exercise , and whether or not children feel safe to play , is another facto .
 aaron hernandez defense resolves patriots ' dispute <sec> defense attorney tells judge the issue is settled .  team has no comment .  defense had asked for psychological and medical test results .  hernandez is charged in two separate murder trials ; he has pleaded not guilty in bot .
 doctor : wisconsin stabbing suspect incompetent <sec> prosecutors to challenge decision , ask for further examination .  two 12-year-olds charged with attempted first-degree intentional homicide .  police : girl was stabbed 19 times at a park in waukesha , wisconsin , in may .  victim , 12 , is recuperating at hom .
 europe leaders agree kosovo force <sec> european leaders agree to send 1,800-strong security force to kosovo .  kosovo expected to declare independence from serbia in new year .  serbia insists region should remain autonomous within its border .
 wenger to receive apology over sending-off <sec> arsenal manager arsene wenger is to receive an apology from referee 's chief .  wenger sent off in the closing seconds of the 2-1 defeat to manchester united .  wenger kicked an empty water bottle down the touchline after disallowed goal .  tottenham 's croatia midfielder luka modric suffers a broken right le .
 tiger woods wins pga award despite personal woes <sec> tiger woods voted pga player of the year by his peers .  woods won six tournaments in 2009 .  woods recently announced he would take golf hiatus to focus on family after admitting infidelit .
 changing the subject : gop resists white house effort to control message <sec> new : in midst of controversies , obama pushes congress on student loans .  obama administration faces congressional probes of irs , benghazi , ap .  republicans say the issues reflect government gone wild .  democrats contend gop foes politicize the proces .
 analysis : hezbollah win could shake obama mideast policy <sec> lebanon elections on june 7 could bring hezbollah to power , says cnn 's cal perry .  that would shake president obama 's efforts toward mideast peace , perry says .  obama plans to give major speech to muslim world on june 4 in egypt .  will obama champion democracy , given the situation in lebanon , perry ask .
 china 's space ambition soars <sec> china launches space lab module tiangong-1 , which means `` heavenly palace '' .  designed to stay in space for two years , to dock with an unmanned spacecraft in november .  china needs to master docking technique to be able to build its own space station .  china has been pumping enormous sums of money and resources into researc .
 china 's economy grew 10.3 % in 2010 <sec> the chinese economy grew 10.3 % in 2010 , according to government figures .  the size of the world 's second largest economy eclipsed $ 6 trillion .  consumer prices grew 3.3 % year-on-year ; food prices grew 7.2 % .  inflation is a growing concern for beijing as the economy expand .
 teen bull rider dies in florida <sec> bull rider dies after incident near tampa , florida .  girl , 16 , was kicked at least one in the ches .
 obama , hollande talk up u.s.-france ties <sec> president obama says iran has little wiggle room in nuclear talks .  obama will visit france in june for 70th anniversary of the d-day invasion .  `` we trust each other in an unprecedented manner , '' french president hollande says .  obama hosts hollande at a state dinner on tuesday nigh .
 pakistani militants set ski resort hotel on fire <sec> militants set fire to a hotel at pakistan 's only ski resort thursday .  militants forced their way into the state-run hotel in the swat valley .  the resort is located near the afghanistan border , 300km from islamaba .
