 finding love on a deadline <sec> a woman sets up a web site for help in her 52-week search to find the one .  `` love guru '' and `` love doctor '' weigh in : does setting deadlines make sense ? .  experts say loving oneself should come first , and fantasies need to go .  setting aside time to do self-examination is a , however , a deadline worth makin .
 baghdad 's international zone attacked as biden visits <sec> new : zone not hit , military says ; ambassador says projectile landed near embassy .  vp joe biden , on a surprise visit , not injured , according to pool report .  it 's not clear what arms were fired or if biden was near location where round hit .  rocket , mortar fire aimed at area was common in past , but has become much rare .
 human rights group knocks 'abusive ' taliban officials <sec> reconciliation should n't include abusive taliban , hrw official says .  two were stoned to death in taliban town .  the stoning case raises questions about which taliban can be dealt wit .
 attack on iraq police headquarters kills at least 20 <sec> new : the united states and united nations condemn the bombings .  the oil-rich city of kirkuk has been the scene of tensions recently .  last month , a series of bombings there killed dozens and left more than 100 wounde .
 martin luther king children in court over estate case <sec> two of king 's children accuse third of wrongfully taking money from estates .  dexter king has denied claims by bernice king , martin luther king iii .  civil rights icons at courthouse to support famil .
 jeb bush , white house hopefuls talk hot topic in iowa - cnnpolitics.com <sec> iowa politicians , residents very protective of corn 's role in their economy .  gop presidential hopefuls take up hot topic of ethanol , used in motor vehicle .
 slurs only bolster sandra fluke 's cause <sec> david frum : sandra fluke 's speech at dnc sparked the most conservative outrage .  it goes back to rush limbaugh 's sexualized , brutal attacks on her after testimony , he says .  frum : fluke wanted her college insurance to cover birth control , funded by tuition , not taxes .  frum : disagree that religious schools include birth control in insurance , but do n't revile he .
 coin toss may determine olympics slot after photo finish <sec> allyson felix and jeneba tarmoh cross the line at exactly the same time , cameras show .  olympic officials are giving them the choice of a rematch or a coin toss .  there does n't appear to be any precedent in u.s. olympic trials for a dead hea .
 patti page , 'tennessee waltz ' singer , dead at 85 <sec> patti page reportedly died on new year 's day .  her signature track , `` tennessee waltz , '' became an official state song of tennessee .  she was to have received an award at the grammy .
 n. korea shouts 'look at me ' with rocket <sec> report : north korea launches long-range rocket wednesday .  habib : timing of north korean regime rocket launch is out of ordinary .  habib : successful launch would be sterling commemoration of kim jong il 's deat .
 'jihadi rehab ' is a possibility for post-gitmo <sec> u.s. looking at how to close guantanamo bay detention center .  one option that may be considered is saudi rehab program for captured extremists .  program uses religious teachers to re-educate radicalized muslim .
 israeli teen , two palestinians killed <sec> attack from syria kills israeli teen , israel fires back , idf says .  2 palestinians were killed in the west bank , officials say .  more rockets are fired into israel from gaza .  violence comes amid operation in west bank after kidnappings of 3 israeli teen .
 physician-assisted suicide fast facts <sec> legal in montana , oregon , vermont , washington and bernalillo county in new mexico . .  the process of reporting applications and deaths varies by state . .  the u.s. supreme court ruled that state laws banning physician-assisted suicide do not violate the constitution .
 hertz boss : we 've cut costs by 25 % <sec> car renting company hertz has cut costs by 25 % in four years , in part by introducing cost-efficient rental kiosks .  hertz has also launched the world 's first global car club , allowing customers to pick up rentals in designated parking lots .  the company has been buffered from economic woes by rising demand for luxury cars in emerging market .
 facebook answers grieving dad 's emotional plea <sec> missouri dad posts emotional video asking facebook to share video of his late son .  family wanted to see son 's edition of the `` look back '' clips facebook posted this week .  facebook has agreed to honor his request .  john berlin said his son jesse died in 2012 of natural causes at age 2 .
 memphis police director : 'we 're in crisis mode ' <sec> more than 500 officers were off the street on monday .  the memphis city council voted last month to cut health insurance subsidies .  premiums were also increased .  other law enforcement agencies are available to supplement the forc .
 f1 : standings after japanese grand prix <sec> mark webber extends lead at top of the formula one world championship race .  the australian leads fernando alonso and sebastian vettel by 14 points .  lewis hamilton slips back to fourth after fifth place at suzuka circuit .  red bull stretch lead again in constructors ' standings over mclare .
 weight loss success : retired teacher loses 200 pounds <sec> kathleen riser has gone from eating fast food daily to working out six days a week .  riser has lost 200 pounds , and hopes to be at her goal weight by december .  riser is the primary caregiver for her ailing parents .  do you have a weight-loss success story ? .  share it with cnn irepor .
 north korea silences doubters , raises fears with rocket launch <sec> successful north korean launch is cause for concern , analysts say .  the launch brings pyongyang closer to the capability to launch a nuclear warhead .  there are fears the next step could be another nuclear test .  urgent action is needed through the u.n. security council , analysts sa .
 investigation under way into sick oil workers <sec> new : bp says it takes worker safety seriously .  new : bp says it conducts safety tests and provides safety gear .  125 commercial vessels recalled from water near louisiana .  congressman urges government to set up mobile clinic .
 'downton ' in america : 6 big estates <sec> wealthy americans at the turn of the 20th century built elaborate homes to show off their status .  many of these estates required servants to support the homes and grounds .  inspired by their european counterparts , rich americans collected european ar .
 sudan : rebels kidnap 70 workers , including chinese nationals <sec> the group attacks the construction site in a remote area .  sudanese troops are pursuing the kidnappers , a spokesman says .  region a sudan territory but straddles sudan and south sudan 's ethnic , political lin .
 swedish capital shaken by 3 nights of rioting <sec> three nights of rioting involves youths and police in sweden 's capital , stockholm .  husby , a northern suburb of stockholm , has been at the center of the disorder .  prime minister fredrik reinfeldt appeals for calm in the capita .
 is hamas using human shields in gaza ? <sec> active conflict makes it impossible to prove use of human shields in gaza , expert said .  israel said high civilian death toll is because hamas uses civilians as shields .  palestinians say israel is bombing 'a captive civilian child population ' .  'it 's the poor innocents that are suffering ' retired u.s. general say .
 malala : 'i 'm feeling better ' after skull surgery <sec> malala yousufzai says she 's feeling all right after double surgeries in the uk .  shot in the head by taliban in october , malala hopes to be fully recovered in about a month .  doctors sunday attached a titanium device to her skull and implanted a hearing device .  `` she 's already talking about furthering her cause , '' a doctor say .
 kerry says pakistan drone strikes to end 'soon ' - cnnpolitics.com <sec> obama has a `` very real timeline '' for ending the strikes , kerry says .  but the state department says `` there is no exact timeline '' .  obama : increased oversight is important , but not easy .  the number of u.s. drone strikes in pakistan has dropped in recent year .
 behind the scenes : walking amid 2,000 al qaeda suspects <sec> cnn 's nic robertson goes inside main u.s. detention facility in iraq .  prison holds 19,000 inmates ; 2,000 are suspected al qaeda loyalists .  inmates undergo programs to teach them moderate islam .  marine general : `` this is the battlefield of the mind .
 eric holder becomes an activist attorney general <sec> attorney general aggressively pushing civil rights and social justice issues .  the move could help change his legacy as obama 's top law enforcement official .  same-sex marriage , sentencing guidelines , voting rights for felons are key issue .
 ex-u.s. congressman weldon says he will meet with gadhafi <sec> curt weldon 's proposals include a cease-fire on both sides , a joint interim government .  weldon : `` it will be very hard to simply bomb him into submission '' .  he led a congressional delegation to tripoli in 2004 and met privately with gadhaf .
 'snowmageddon ' slams mid-atlantic ; utilities race to restore power <sec> maryland officials say 2,400 pieces of road-clearing equipment in use .  more than 200,000 still without power , though many customers reconnected .  28.5 inches reported at the philadelphia airport by 4:45 p.m .  flights canceled at washington-baltimore area airports , as well as philadelphia ' .
 hotel replaces printed bibles with kindles <sec> hotel indigo in england may be the first to replace bedside bibles with kindles .  gideons international , which gives out 84 million bibles a year , supports the project .  a bible costs gideons $ 5 to print and distribute ; a kindle in the uk costs about $ 139 .  stolen kindles will be charged to the guest 's credit car .
 rosie napravnik makes history , announces she 's pregnant <sec> rosie napravnik announces she is pregnant after winning breeders ' cup distaff .  napravnik had just become the first female winner of the prestigious event .  she will race again saturday before beginning her retiremen .
 lochte fires up phelps with world title and record in shanghai <sec> ryan lochte beats michael phelps for second time at 2011 world swimming championships .  lochte sets new world record in retaining men 's 200-meter individual medley title .  u.s. also win gold in the women 's 4x200m freestyle relay in shanghai .  james magnussen becomes first australian to win men 's 100m freestyle titl .
 pet gear to trim down the doggie drama in your life <sec> retractable leashes are hard to control : opt for a sturdier leash .  stop the tug of war while walking your dog ; try a harness that secures in the front .  id tags are the cheapest and easiest way to keep your dog saf .
 senate confirms sonia sotomayor for supreme court <sec> new : abortion opponent praises 31 republican senators who voted `` no '' .  sonia sotomayor wins confirmation by 68-31 vote .  she will be the 111th justice , the third woman and first hispanic on high court .  nine republicans join unanimous democratic caucus in supporting nominatio .
 tiger on the loose in paris suburbs ; people told to stay inside <sec> spokeswoman : disneyland paris was never asked to reinforce security .  a tiger is spotted in chessy and montévrain , an official says .  local mayor says it 's believed the tiger is domesticate .
 doors singer jim morrison wins indecent exposure pardon <sec> jim morrison 's widow says pardon a publicity stunt .  clemency board grants pardon to late singer .  jim morrison 's widow says he would reject a pardon .  morrison was accused of shouting obscenities at crowd and then exposing himsel .
 pope francis uses 'genocide ' for killings of armenians <sec> former turkish ambassador to the vatican calls use of the word `` genocide '' a `` one-sided evaluation '' .  pope discusses massacres of armenians a century after they took place .  turkey denies the mass killings constituted a genocid .
 syrian opposition votes to attend geneva 2 peace talks <sec> new : top u.s. diplomat calls opposition 's vote to attend conference `` courageous '' .  representatives of the country 's main opposition group vote 58 to 14 in favor of attending .  the goal of the talks is to set up a transitional government to end the violence .  syria has proposed a negotiated `` end to military operations '' in aleppo , perhaps elsewher .
 hubble , sky survey catch rare asteroid crash , nasa says <sec> nasa says linear survey saw apparent crash , hubble telescope photographed it .  the collision appeared as a giant `` x '' shape , with trails of dust and gravel .  astronomers think crashes are shrinking asteroid belt , but none had been viewed .  asteroid collisions happen fast -- 11,000 mph , nasa say .
 football first 11 : do or die derbies <sec> last weekend juventus and torino faced off in the turin derby .  the derby between rangers and celtic in glasgow is bitterly contested .  when al ahly face zamalek , foreign referees have to be brought in .  despite distance between river plate and boca 's grounds , animosity is hig .
 li na makes history with french open triumph <sec> sixth seed li na beats defending champion francesca schiavone in french open final .  li becomes first chinese or asian tennis player to win a grand slam singles title .  the 29-year-old wins 6-4 7-6 ( 7-0 ) in paris against her italian opponent .  li will move up to fourth in the world rankings , equaling the best by an asian playe .
 british back lagarde to head imf after strauss-kahn <sec> new : mexico will propose its central bank chief to lead the imf , state media reports .  french finance minister christine lagarde would be the first woman to run the imf .  dominique strauss-kahn resigned amid charges he tried to rape a hotel maid in new york .  he denied the allegations in his resignation letter to the fund 's executive boar .
 australia : victoria bushfires claim homes <sec> bushfires raging in victoria have destroyed 26 properties .  authorities describe the worst fires since black saturday which killed 173 people in 2009 .  one firefighter has been injured battling the blazes .  about 40 bushfires are also burning in neighboring new south wale .
 westwood , sex pistols lead tributes to mclaren <sec> malcolm mclaren was the onetime manager of the british punk band the sex pistols .  he died of cancer at age 64 , his girlfriend said thursday .  band broke up in 1978 after feud between mclaren and singer johnny rotte .
 limbaugh revels in the crossfire after fluke comments <sec> rush limbaugh 's words about student land him in hot water .  limbaugh is no stranger to controversy , or apologies .  talk-radio host has been raising hackles for more than 25 years .  he 's become political symbol , valuable to both partie .
 singapore shrouded in haze from sumatran forest fires <sec> singapore enveloped in a thick pall of wood smoke caused by forest fires in sumatra .  pollution index reaches 371 on wednesday , the worst level since 1997 when it reached 226 .  national environment agency says air quality becomes 'very unhealthy ' when the index passes 200 .  singapore is anxious to avoid a repeat of the 1997 haze crisis which cost an estimated $ 9 billio .
 obama 'third term ' label a possible concern for clinton <sec> some former hillary clinton aides are concerned tying her to barack obama will be effective .  `` that is the way to go after her is four more years of the same old thing , '' said one friend .  others say `` it is a valid question , '' but that republicans have bigger problems than clinton .  the last time a party controlled the white house for more than eight years was 1989-9 .
 world cup : giorgio chiellini says suarez ban 'excessive ' <sec> giorgio chiellini says ban handed to luis suarez is `` excessive '' .  suarez was banned from football for nine months for biting chiellini .  new : fifa chief says suarez needs to seek professional help .  new : fifa lifts ban on german great franz beckenbaue .
 scores of tulsa dental patients tested for hepatitis , hiv exposure <sec> health officials say a dentist may have exposed thousands to hiv and hepatitis .  the screenings began saturday ; by monday , nearly 1,000 patients had been tested .  dr. w. scott harrington has surrendered his dental licens .
 deadly clashes in baghdad after multi-store robbery <sec> gunmen storm jewelry stores in baghdad 's al-mansour neighborhood .  at least seven people are dead , including three store owners .  gunmen fled with cash and gold after clashes with polic .
 why mobile payments have n't gone mainstream <sec> google wallet supports tap-to-pay phone payments using near field communication .  u.s. retailers are slow to adapt to nfc tools because of installation expenses and efforts .  google wallet will be offered as an option for fandango.com and movietickets.com .  45 carriers around the world have announced their support of standards for nfc payment .
 youtube adds live channels <sec> youtube is ramping up its live video offerings .  the early selection is limited and lacks participation from major studios .  in the past , youtube has streamed big events , including a recent u2 concer .
 south korean president talks tough on north korea <sec> south korea 's president says even a small attack from the north would warrant military response .  north korea made strong threats about attacks earlier this year .  park met with president barack obama tuesda .
 pilot sends plane into dive after mistaking venus for oncoming plane <sec> the report says the first officer became disoriented after a nap .  he mistook venus for an oncoming cargo plane .  the air canada jet went into a violent dive .  14 passengers and 2 flight attendants were injure .
 são paulo radio station teaches old media new tricks <sec> radarcultura is a daily 3-hour radio program and community web site .  its father foundation boasts the biggest archive of brazilian music in brazil .  web site invites members to create playlists , vote on , suggest music for air .  radarcultura also covers live culture and technology event .
 at least 17 dead in russian republic after suicide car bombing <sec> new : up to 123 others were wounded , officials said .  an 18-month-old baby is among the dead .  violence and political instability plague north ossetia .  the car explodes near a marke .
 new jersey student who sued parents returns home <sec> rachel canning , 18 , who filed lawsuit against parents , has reconciled with her family .  she had alleged that she was forced to leave their home .  her parents said that she had left on her own .  an attorney for the parents would not discuss details of retur .
 blackberry 's playbook tablet may face uphill battle <sec> blackberry 's playbook tablet hits stores april 19 and will start at $ 499 .  in an effort to make the playbook more attractive , blackberry is opening it to android apps .  but few android app developers may be willing to jump through hurdles for an unproven tablet .  the playbook also falls short in terms of supporting integrated blackberry messaging service .
 hasbro to unveil black and silver easy-bake oven after teen 's petition <sec> hasbro invites teen who launched easy-bake oven petition to view new prototype .  mckenna pope , 13 , said pink and purple packaging discourages boys from kitchen play .  hasbro says black and silver easy-bake oven has been in the works for the 18 month .
 former new york police chief to advise britain on street gangs <sec> new : more than 2,200 people have been arrested since the disorder erupted a week ago .  police in london say they have recovered stolen goods worth $ 65,000 .  bratton will join u.k. meetings on gangs in the fall , downing street says .  bratton says lessons from u.s. cities like new york and la are relevant to britai .
 a lucky loggerhead turtle survives the odds <sec> sara , a loggerhead sea turtle , was found with a spear in her head .  veterinarians at the florida keys turtle hospital removed the spear and helped her recover .  `` this has to be one of the luckiest turtles in history , '' a veterinarian say .
 fiona weakens , but gaston could become tropical cyclone <sec> new : fiona is now a tropical depression .  fiona expected to pass near bermuda saturday .  gaston could become a tropical cyclone in 48 hour .
 dna links 1991 killing to colonial-era family <sec> sara yarborough was killed in december 1991 .  a dna sample matches descendants of a 17th-century massachusetts family .  `` the most important thing is having a last name , '' the dna analyst say .
