 udall is starting to trail his gop opponent , two polls say <sec> a quinnipiac university poll showed sen. udall trailing rep. cory gardner 40-48 % .  a usa today/suffolk university poll gave gardner a 1-point edge .  the two nonpartisan polls are the first time udall has been behind his opponent since july .  udall 's campaign manager dismissed his candidate 's fall in this week 's poll .
 defendant in celeb 'bling ring ' burglary case is sentenced <sec> diana tamayo , 22 , is sentenced to three years of probation .  she was among five members of the `` bling ring '' .  the group targeted celebrities ' houses , police sa .
 plight of the albatrosses : choking on plastic waste <sec> artist chris jordan photographed albatross remains on midway atoll in pacific .  remains show that albatross chicks choke or are poisoned by being fed plastic .  plastic waste found across thousands of miles in north pacific gyr .
 obama to visit pope francis in march - cnnpolitics.com <sec> president obama and the pope will discuss poverty and inequality , the white house says .  the visit will be the first between the two .  obama met with francis ' predecessor , benedict xvi , in 2009 .  the president will also to visit the netherlands and belgiu .
 opinion : why gop should support raising minimum wage <sec> president obama recently urged congress to raise the national minimum wage .  andrea purse : gop should support this issue , especially if it wants to attract female voters .  she says raising minimum wage to $ 10.10 would save $ 46 billion from the federal coffers .  purse : republicans need to see women as breadwinners and drivers of economic growt .
 police report attempt to revive flattened opossum <sec> pennsylvania man fails to resuscitate `` road-killed '' opossum .  man will be charged with public drunkenness , police say .  it 's unclear what man did to try to revive the opossu .
 japan 's newly-appointed chinese ambassador dies <sec> japanese foreign ministry confirms shinichi nishimiya , 60 , died on sunday .  nishimiya was due to replace the current japanese envoy in beijing -- uichiro niwa .  his death comes amid worsening relations between china and japan .  both countries claim sovereignty over a group of islands in the east china se .
 'hunch ' web site will make decisions for you <sec> cnn talks with caterina fake , founder of a web site that makes decisions .  hunch.com asks you questions and then suggests answers .  fake says hunch works best for informational problems , not emotional dilemmas .  fake 's philosophy : `` we know more in the collective than we do in the individual .
 'we live in fear , ' say gays in kenya <sec> gay kenyans face verbal abuse and even physical attacks . .  law states gays can face up to 14 years in jail if convicted under penal codes .  gay kenyans usually arrested on charges like 'loitering ' , 'disturbing the peace ' .  pastor : practice is unheard of among kenyans and must have been importe .
 we still need answers on benghazi <sec> marco rubio : answers from congress ' benghazi inquiry will help prevent another tragedy .  rubio : ambassador stevens , others warned of deepening security crisis .  security at the u.s. consulate and the cia annex was woefully inadequate , he says .  rubio : it 's critical u.s. helps support a secular , pro-american government in liby .
 brighton beach , a place like no other <sec> bruce gilden spent four days photographing people at new york 's brighton beach .  the neighborhood is packed with colorful , energetic character .
 perry team rips 'outrageous ' indictment <sec> perry 's chief lawyer said the charges `` have no merit '' .  texas governor charged last week with felonies related to his veto of a funding bill .  charges allege he used the legislation to try and get local prosecutor to quit .  new : perry will be booked tuesday ; first court appearance on frida .
 from sochi to the super bowl : what connects shaun white to peyton manning ? <sec> the opening ceremony for sochi 2014 will take place on february 7 .  the super bowl will be played at new year 's metlife stadium on sunday .  the seattle seahawks take on the denver broncos in new jerse .
 hurricane forces widespread air , train cancellations <sec> philadelphia international airport reopens .  jfk and newark liberty airports will reopen to arrivals at 6 a.m . .  et on monday .  airlines scratch thousands of flights .  greyhound bus lines cancel some trips along the atlantic coas .
 salad eaten at iowa , nebraska restaurants blamed for illness outbreak <sec> new : the cdc has been notified of 425 cases in 16 states .  there have been about 225 cyclospora cases in iowa , nebraska .  people got sick eating it at red lobster , olive garden restaurants , fda says .  taylor farms ceo says `` all our tests have been negative .
 ted ligety and mikaela shiffrin set new world cup records <sec> ted ligety wins world cup giant slalom at kranjska gora .  record sixth win in same discipline at same venue .  mikaela shiffrin takes slalom event in sweden .  wraps up world cup title in slalom disciplin .
 making it as a female movie mogul in hollywood <sec> donna langley is co-chairman of universal pictures .  she works on universal 's business and production strategies .  driving force behind a slate of films that led to studio 's two most profitable years at the global box office .  langley received the 2010 crystal award for excellence in fil .
 oscar pistorius looks back a year after killing reeva steenkamp <sec> olympic sprinter oscar pistorius goes on trial next month .  he is charged with premeditated murder in the shooting death of his girlfriend , reeva steenkamp .  pistorius says he mistook her for a home invader .  `` no words can adequately capture my feelings about the devastating accident , '' he say .
 does cold weather cause colds ? <sec> spending more time indoors in cold weather can foster the spread of viruses .  dry and cold conditions may make it easier for the cold virus to invade .  a cold could actually be one of many bug .
 iraq , turkey end bans on flights , open skies to other country 's planes <sec> iraq and turkey agree to drop flight bans against each other .  dispute began over a $ 3 million debt that turkey says iraq owes .  turkish planes begin landing again in baghdad on thursda .
 western australia kills its first shark as part of cull <sec> western australian government kills first shark as part of a controversial culling program .  shooting of a three-meter tiger shark draws an angry response from activists .  seven people have been killed in shark attacks in wa over the past three years .  the state 's premier colin barnett defended the bait-and-kill policy , saying it put people firs .
 beheaded woman 's sister : i might have heard deadly confrontation <sec> new york man charged with second-degree murder after wife found beheaded .  police : woman 's decapitated body found at tv station where she , husband worked .  report : sister says she may have been on phone with victim when she was killed .  aasiya zubair hassan had filed for divorce from muzzammil hassan days earlie .
 french troops kill 'hundreds ' of islamist fighters in mali <sec> france launched an offensive last month against militants in its former colony .  it says it has 4,000 french soldiers in mali .  french troops are fighting alongside nearly 3,800 african soldier .
 likefunding : how to raise cash through facebook likes <sec> likefunding uses facebook likes to fund charitable and creative projects .  corporations pledge a fund of money that friends can draw from when they 'like ' a project .  corporations get their logo on the project and gain valuable publicit .
 'game of thrones ' : no wedding ratings gift <sec> sunday 's `` game of thrones '' had a shocking ending .  die hard fans knew what was coming , but hbo did n't promote .  the episode did not break record .
 homeowners frustrated by mortgage assistance program <sec> cnn told numerous stories of banks giving homeowners the runaround .  making home affordable program set up by obama administration .  treasury : 230,000 of 4 million eligible homeowners have mortgages under progra .
 wheelchair bomber kills 3 in iraq police station <sec> iraqi major says attacks show how insurgents are resorting to new methods .  police : bomber had met at least twice with deputy security chief before blast .  three people are killed , 15 injured in roadside attack in southeastern baghdad .  pilgrims on way to karbala for al-arbaeen , one of holiest days on shiite calenda .
 how to prevent more tsarnaevs <sec> haroon moghul : tsarnaev found guilty in terrorist bombing of boston marathon . .  how to prevent future such acts by young muslims ? .  pew reports by 2050 , one in 4 will be muslim . .  many equate terror with islam . .  not true , but we should grasp what causes radicalization .  moghul : muslims see their community besieged around world , some think solution is violence . .  they must be shown other way to hel .
 world cup winner frank leboeuf 's new acting career <sec> frank leboeuf has gone from delivering passes to delivering lines .  now a stage and movie actor , ex-france defender 's latest role is to fight the nazis .  he admits to a dual passion for both movies and football growing up in a french village .  still an avid chelsea fan , he tips the london club to win the premier leagu .
 andy murray sets up quarterfinal clash with novak djokovic at miami masters <sec> novak djokovic to play andy murray in the quarterfinals at miami masters .  roger federer and rafael nadal also through to the last eight .  australian open champion stanislas wawrinka crashes out .  women 's no . .  1 serena williams sets up semifinal clash with maria sharapov .
 'suspicious item ' reported on plane in miami , declared safe <sec> the item has been declared safe , the tsa says .  authorities responded after the plane landed in miami .  the flight was from sao paulo , brazi .
 my country , the schizophrenic nigeria <sec> nigeria hits headlines because of kidnap of 200 schoolgirls by boko haram militants .  the country is also hosting the world economic forum meeting this week .  chude jideonwo says nigerians must maintain hope in difficult circumstances .  `` our eyes must be fixed on the stars , but our feet must stand firmly on the ground , '' he say .
 city id 's soon be available to new york city 's undocumented residents <sec> nyc identification program aims to help undocumented residents .  the program models those in 11 other cities nationwide .  opponents say the program could enable potential terrorists .  public safety concerns , in part , motivated a similar program in san francisc .
 $ 12,092 world series ticket gets front row at fenway park <sec> canadian buyer pays more than $ 12k for seat near home plate at fenway park .  boston red sox hope to banish the curse of the bambino by winning series at home .  average price for a game 6 ticket on one online broker is $ 2,189 on tuesda .
 american , us airways iron out loyalty perks <sec> american and us airways frequent fliers can earn , redeem miles on both airlines .  club members can take a break at each airline 's clubs .  the bigger benefits changes are yet to come , says one exper .
 germans perform world 's first double-arm transplant <sec> technical university of munich doctors transplant arms on 54-year-old farmer .  farmer had lost both his arms in an accident six years ago .  40 people conduct operation ; several years spent preparing for the surgery .  donor matched the patient in sex , age , skin color , size and blood grou .
 what 's going on with shia labeouf ? <sec> shia labeouf 's appearance in berlin has brought him increased attention .  the actor walked out of a news conference and wore a paper bag on his head .  he 's done this while also proclaiming that he 's `` not famous anymore '' .  his stunts in berlin follow weeks of odd behavio .
 normal service resumed for mercedes as f1 season gets underway in melbourne <sec> nico rosberg fastest ahead of team lewis hamilton in australia gp practice .  mercedes duo dominated last season winning all but three of 19 races .  giedo van der garde does n't race for sauber despite court ruling .  sebatian vettel makes good start for new team ferrari finishing second practice in thir .
 tsa credits officers with rescuing kidnapped woman <sec> agency says behavior detection officers noticed suspicious group at miami airport .  officers separated nervous woman from her four travel partners , report says .  police report : woman accused two other women in group of punching her , taking her money .  pair charged with kidnapping , false imprisonment , other offense .
 grab a piece of obama online <sec> barack obama merchandise is a big hit among new president 's supporters .  t-shirts , earrings , champagne and cookies are popular items .  obama face masks and spiderman comic featuring obama fly off shelve .
 lawyer : belgian killer feared return to prison <sec> amrani 's lawyer says his client feared losing the life he had rebuilt after a past prison term .  lawyer jean-francois dister spoke to the gunman shortly before he went on a rampage .  the attack in liege left five people and the gunman dead , as well as at least 130 wounded .  nourdine amrani had been called to an interview with police over a sex assault cas .
 what kind of nike poster boy will rory mcilroy be ? <sec> in november , forbes magazine said woods `` delivered '' 50 % more for his brands than mcilroy in 2012 . .  for nike , it 's not just about celebrities endorsing products . .  it 's about products themselves , writes boulde .
 source : joan rivers ' doc did biopsy , selfie at clinic <sec> rivers ' personal doctor who did the biopsy was not certified by the clinic , a source says .  the doctor took a selfie while rivers was under anesthesia , a clinic staffer tells investigators .  biopsy was done without rivers ' prior consent , the source says .  rivers died a week after suffering cardiac arrest at the manhattan clini .
 state finds no abuse around 10-year-old rapper who does adult videos <sec> no neglect or abuse tied to 10-year-old rapper on music videos , officials say .  luie rivera jr. , known as lil poopy , does sexually suggestive scenes on videos .  his family 's attorney says he sees a racially motivated double standard at wor .
 director tony scott : an appreciation <sec> director tony scott died sunday , an apparent suicide .  scott was behind many box-office hits , including `` top gun '' and `` enemy of the state '' .  though known as an action director , he never forgot about characters .  scott was well-regarded by colleagues , was a thoughtful intervie .
 afghan leader condemns nato airstrike ; u.s. defense secretary visits kabul <sec> new : u.n. body says it was the deadliest day for afghan civilians this year .  u.s. defense secretary leon panetta meets with afghan defense minister .  a provincial official says an airstrike in logar province killed women and children .  isaf says it is looking into the claims , though its reports show only two injurie .
 after beers , professor , officer plan to meet again <sec> officer says he and professor plan to meet again .  professor says arrest gives americans chance to examine race relations .  president sat down for beers with harvard professor , cop who arrested him .  arrest this month spurred debate on race , police procedure .
 opinion : hopes are dim for afghanistan <sec> a loya jirga council meets in afghanistan to decide if u.s. troops may stay past 2014 .  ken ballen : in taliban message to loya jirga , a bombing killed 13 near meeting site .  ballen : afghan security depends on talks with a leader of taliban , which denounces u.s. presence .  ballen : u.s. spent $ 90 billion in afghanistan , the taliban is resurgent , our goals still unme .
 homeland security chief cancels costly virtual border fence <sec> homeland security secretary janet napolitano cites cost overruns and technical problems .  the virtual fence for the 2,000-mile border was conceived in 2005 .  so far , taxpayers have spent almost $ 1 billion for only 53 miles of virtual fence in arizon .
 bayern munich-bound mario gotze to miss champions league final <sec> dortmund 's gotze ruled out of saturday 's champions league final against bayern munich .  midfielder alienated some dortmund fans by agreeing to move to bayern on 1 july .  dortmund also sweating on fitness of key defender mats hummel .
 mali confirms its first case of ebola , ministry says <sec> a 2-year-old girl brought from guinea to mali has been diagnosed with ebola .  the girl 's father died of ebola , a health official said .  the girl is in the hospital in kayes .  members of her family have also been hospitalize .
 blazer to step down from concacaf role <sec> chuck blazer has announced he will step down as concacaf general secretary .  blazer has been involved with concacaf for 21 years .  the american will maintain his place on fifa 's executive committe .
 nurse amber vinson has 'no idea ' how she got ebola <sec> `` i feel like i gain a little bit of strength every day , '' nurse amber vinson says .  vinson says she followed the cdc 's rules when caring for an ebola patient .  she says she has `` no idea '' how she contracted the virus .  she defends her decision to travel on commercial flights , saying she had no symptom .
 welsh edge england in six nations thriller <sec> wales beat england 19-12 for third successive victory in the six nations championship .  replacement center scott williams conjures up the only try of the game at twickenham .  england suffer first defeat of the tournament under interim coach stuart lancaster .  ireland win first match of competition , beating bottom team italy 42-10 in dubli .
 link in colorado shootings ? cadillac , bullet casings , affidavit says <sec> new : suspect 's mother recounts in an internet post a prison visit with evan ebel .  colorado 's governor says he has known evan ebel since childhood .  authorities are working to link evan ebel , 28 , to the killing of colorado 's prison chief .  ebel died thursday after following a shootout with texas authoritie .
 e.r . doc pleads not guilty in wife 's cyanide murder <sec> dr. yazeed essa pleads not guilty to wife 's cyanide murder .  he is being held on $ 75 million bail as a flight risk .  essa left the country and went to beirut after being questioned by police .  he was arrested in cyprus and extradited last week , nearly 4 years after wife 's deat .
 there is precedent for a jetliner going missing <sec> the boeing 777-200er is bristling with communications gear .  in 2009 , air france 447 crashed into the ocean en route from rio to paris .  it took nearly two years to locate the bulk of the wreckag .
 north korea : matthew miller wanted to 'become snowden ' <sec> state media : matthew todd miller wanted to become `` a world famous guy '' .  after his arrival , he tore his visa , it says .  he also shouted his desire to seek asylum , according to state-run kcn .
 motogp : marc marquez handed penalty point for dani pedrosa collision <sec> marquez handed penalty after collision with pedrosa at aragon grand prix .  motogp championship leader takes 2013 penalty count to three after incident .  repsol honda team docked 25 manufacturer points after traction-control failure .  team boss livio suppo considering whether to appeal that decisio .
 one woman 's story : 'in syria , the prison inmates suffer the most ' <sec> author tells of trying to free someone she loves from a syrian jail .  she hears of sickening accounts of torture in prisons .  the author tried bribing officials to get her loved one fre .
 spam , world 's biggest colon and fantasy coffins <sec> if you build it , the tourists will come to your museum .  museums for hobos , medical oddities and trash .  kentucky museum is where dummies go to di .
 day completes emotional world cup victory <sec> jason day wins world cup of golf in melbourne .  edges thomas bjorn of denmark by two strokes .  leads australia to team title with adam scott .  filipino-australian day lost eight relatives to typhoon haiya .
 $ 15 million yacht can be controlled by an ipad <sec> the $ 15 million yacht features an ipad controller , luxury interior .  features aerodynamic 'wings ' to help glide along water , cut fuel consumption .  space-age shaped vessel could spell the future of superyacht desig .
 greek election signals battles over center <sec> syriza increases its support six-fold in greek elections .  it has said it will not support new democracy in government .  its dramatic rise in support comes at the cost of pasok .  the shift could signal a battle for the center lef .
