 fluke : new women 's issues , new challenges <sec> sandra fluke : i feel humbled and grateful for women who fought for our rights .  fluke : on this women 's day , our generation is redefining what matters most to us .  she says top three issues are gender-related violence , education , economic equality .  fluke : helping women help men , children , families and communitie .
 the price of blood : china faces hiv/aids epidemic <sec> vice premier li keqiang pledges support for battling hiv/aids in china .  li was criticized during his tenure as governor stemming from blood scandal in henan .  hiv/aids patient 's family says government has n't properly addressed pas .
 joker djokovic horrified by his lack of form after long layoff <sec> world no . .  1 novak djokovic wins his first match in six weeks at swiss indoors event .  serbian beats belgium 's xavier malisse in three sets , but complains of being rusty .  fifth seed mardy fish suffers injury blow ahead of the climax to the men 's season .  jo-wilfried tsonga closes on atp world tour finals place with opening win in valenci .
 'today ' co-host hoda kotb exploring other job possibilities <sec> `` today '' co-host hoda kotb is quietly pitching herself for new hosting gigs .  kotb 's contract with `` today '' expires this fall .  a source close to kotb downplayed the odds of a fourth-hour shakeu .
 'queen of cocaine ' killed in colombia <sec> griselda blanco was a high-profile trafficker in colombia and the united states .  she was released from a u.s. prison in 2004 .  she is believed to have been living a quiet life in medellin .  she was gunned down monda .
 9 bodies recovered from vehicles crushed when tunnel collapses in japan <sec> new : 5 of the bodies are found in a burned station wagon , police say .  new : an inspection of the tunnel occurred a few months ago , a company official says .  new : the partial cave-in was on the chuo expressway 50 miles west of tokyo .  it 's not clear what caused the collapse , or when the tunnel might reope .
 autopsy : journalist michael hastings had ptsd , used drugs <sec> michael hastings likely died instantly , autopsy report states .  drugs residues in his system do n't appear to have played a role in the crash .  hastings was known for a rolling stone piece that got a top general sacked .  he had been using medical marijuana to treat ptsd , the report state .
 opinion : why climate change is an 'everybody issue ' now <sec> people 's climate march takes place sunday in cities around the world .  patel : world is rushing towards a series of potentially catastrophic tipping points on climate .  patel : we need to shift societies off oil and gas energy and onto renewable energy in a generatio .
 malala spurs school-for-all vow , now deliver <sec> schoolgirl malala yousafzai , shot by taliban , inspires pakistan to education-for-all goal .  pakistan leaders vow to get five million children without schooling into classes by 2015 .  un envoy gordon brown : it seems that malala 's courage has awoken pakistan 's silent majority .  he says pakistan , with international support , must now delive .
 10 reasons a woman should head the cia <sec> tara maller says president obama should appoint a woman as head of the cia .  she says it would inspire more women to join an agency dominated by men .  maller : americans want more women in government , and many women are highly qualified .  it 's time for a change as women play more and more prominent roles in intelligence , she say .
 2nd man dies after louisiana chemical plant explosion <sec> thursday 's blast at williams chemical plant in geismar also injured more than 100 .  ceo : we work for years on ensuring safety , so this is hard to take .  police : `` no threat to the public of any toxic chemicals being in the air '' .  officials waiting to be allowed back in plant to investigate caus .
 batman 's past , present , future collide <sec> presumed-dead bruce wayne is returning to batman comic books .  700th issue of `` batman '' is culmination of a years-long story arc .  writer grant morrison wanted to pay tribute to `` every version of batman '' .  `` batman beyond , '' `` red hood : lost days '' among special bat-related serie .
 smaller , cheaper tablets could become a big deal <sec> tablets let people do what can be done on a laptop in an easier way .  in the last year android tablets grew from 2 % in the global market to 27 % .  gadgets that are more complex or open-ended tend to frustrate most consumer .
 un refugee agency makes emergency aid flight to somalia <sec> new : obama approves additional $ 105 million in aid for horn of africa .  monday 's flight contains 31 metric tons ( more than 34 u.s. tons ) of supplies .  the agency is sending supplies by air due to the need for speedy relief .  a devastating famine and drought has sent about 100,000 somalis to the capita .
 72 bodies found in mexico were immigrants , officials say <sec> new : the victims were illegal immigrants heading toward the united states , officials say .  three suspects and a member of the mexican military were killed in a shootout .  the bodies of 58 men and 14 women were found in a building on the ranch .  a man with a gunshot wound led navy personnel to the bodie .
 india , pakistan to resume cricket diplomacy as relations thaw <sec> india and pakistan to play international cricket again after five-year suspension .  india ceased all cricketing activity with its neighbor following 2008 mumbai terror attacks .  a short one-day international series will take place between december and january .  the two nuclear powers will be hoping to use cricket as a means of easing political tension .
 american apple pie warms struggling spain <sec> liberty pies & cakes founder burton novack says job creation is the way to economic recovery .  novack 's key hire is a veteran pastry chef who formerly worked at an american-style pie shop in madrid .  the company is nearly making a profit , even as 200,000 small businesses have closed in the crisi .
 motorsport community mourns simoncelli <sec> the motorsport community is in mourning after death of marco simoncelli .  simoncelli lost his life after a fatal crash in malaysia on sunday .  motogp legend valentino rossi has described simoncelli as like a brothe .
 air france wreckage arrives in france <sec> debris from air france 447 , which crashed last month , has arrived in france .  plane went down off brazil on june 1 , killing all 228 aboard .  french oceanographic ship will conduct new searches for data recorder .
 how to recover after decades of slavery ? <sec> a couple is alleged to have held three women captive in london for more than 30 years .  experts and charities explain how they might recover from their ordeal .  time of the essence when suspected victims of slavery or imprisonment are rescued .  captives in similar situations draw strength from each other , experts sa .
 new york 's hopping beer scene <sec> new york city has plenty of well-known beer halls and gardens .  there are many places to grab a beer , from bohemian favorites to a garden with all-asian brews .  new york 's best beer can be found for reasonable prices all over the cit .
 cnn student news - february 10 , 2015 <sec> this page includes the show transcript .  use the transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary .  at the bottom of the page , comment for a chance to be mentioned on cnn student news . .  you must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the cnn student news roll call .
 your guide to thanksgiving day marathons 2013 <sec> thanksgiving is one holiday tailor-made for sitting on the couch .  there are parades , football games and show marathons all day .  options range from `` cops '' to `` keeping up with the kardashians .
 yani tseng : bouncing back to no . 1 ? <sec> yani tseng is the youngest golfer in history to have won five majors .  the taiwanese 15 lpga titles during her first five seasons on the tour .  the 24-year-old has not won a tournament since march 2012 .  her swing coach says it is important that too much pressure is not put on tsen .
 obama in 'excellent health , ' doctor says <sec> senator 's weight , blood pressure and cholesterol are all healthy , doctor says .  obama is an `` intermittent smoker , '' doctor says .  obama has quit smoking several times , is currently using nicorette gum .  gop presumptive nominee sen. john mccain released records last wee .
 germany ca n't save europe on its own <sec> many are callling on germany to lead effort to rescue the euro .  thomas kleine-brockhoff says there are limits to what germany can do , given scope of problem .  he says germany is too big to be just another nation but too small to dominate the continent .  author : angela merkel has taken positive steps to strengthen euro , but needs help from other .
 tug boat lookout on phone during fatal collision , safety board says <sec> ntsb releases preliminary report on collision between philadelphia tour boat and barge .  the mate on lookout duty was talking to his mother when the accident occurred , it says .  two tour boat passengers were killed and 26 were injure .
 billy bob thornton 's band cancels canadian shows <sec> band will rejoin tour willie nelson tour in connecticut on tuesday , publicist says .  news reportedly greeted with cheers at friday night show in montreal .  thornton has been catching heat from canadians for comment in radio interview .  thornton said canadian concert-goers were `` mashed potatoes with no gravy .
 224 ukraine civilians killed in 3 weeks , u.n. says <sec> at least 224 civilians killed and more than 540 hurt in last three weeks of january , u.n. says .  bus stops , marketplaces , schools and hospitals have become battlegrounds , official says .  the fighting in eastern ukraine has been among the fiercest in decades in europ .
 lonely planet 's top 10 cities for 2015 <sec> lonely planet picks its top 10 cities for 2015 .  one country 's capital city took the top spot .  hidden gems are also tucked into the lis .
 brooke shields upset over mom 's tabloid lunch date <sec> reporter takes brooke shields ' mom out of nursing home , people magazine reports .  reporter , with national enquirer , claims to have known teri shields for years .  teri shields , 75 , asked reporter to take her to lunch , national enquirer says .  police in new jersey community investigating , people report .
 unesco grants bethlehem church 'world heritage ' status <sec> the church of the nativity in bethlehem is now the first palestinian world heritage site .  the vote signals a loosening of israeli control on palestinian land , a palestinian official says .  `` this is a real theater of the absurd , '' says an israeli foreign office spokesman .  u.s. and israeli funding to unesco was cut over palestinian membershi .
 selena quintanilla-perez to tour as hologram <sec> selena quintanilla-perez will be re-created as hologram-like figure .  the tejano singer is first to be part of a new technology , says sister .  selena was killed 20 years ago but remains hugely popula .
 rory mcilroy 'close ' to his best after charging clear in dubai <sec> rory mcilroy leads after first round of dubai desert classic .  former world number one shoots nine-under-par 63 .  current top ranked tiger woods cards a bogey-free 68 .  edoardo molinari of italy in second place on seven-unde .
 rights group : 1,000 seized in gambia 'witch-hunt ' <sec> amnesty international : 1,000 seized in gambia in `` witch-hunt '' campaign .  victims forced to drink dangerous hallucinogenic potion ; at least two have died .  amnesty says gambian president yahya jammeh is behind the campaign .  jammeh reportedly believes witchcraft involved in aunt 's death , amnesty say .
 betty white : may she rinse in peace <sec> satire website writes white `` dyes peacefully in her los angeles home '' .  many readers apparently did not realize `` dyes '' is not `` dies '' .  white 's agent tells cnn she `` will outlive us all '' .  one twitter response : `` people are so dumb .
 bangladesh votes amid violence , opposition boycott <sec> new : election-related violence nationwide leaves at least 16 dead .  new : the country 's largest opposition party protests against `` farcical polls '' .  new : a leader of the ruling awami league says vote was `` victory of democracy .
 morrissey cancels tour due to illness <sec> morrissey has canceled the remainder of his tour dates .  the british singer has contracted a respiratory infection .  his new album will arrive on july 1 .
 opinion : from marine corps to peace corps <sec> will aurigemma joined peace corps after his active service in marines ended .  he found the two organizations have much in common despite clear differences .  peace corps volunteers take risks to serve u.s. and help struggling people , he say .
 cruise ship security bill clears congress <sec> cruise vessel security and safety act calls for peepholes on cabin doors , higher ship rails .  ships must carry rape kits , std medications , medical staff to treat sex assault victims .  bill also requires cruise ships to quickly report incidents to fbi , keep detailed logs .  legislation applies to all commercial cruise ships that dock in united state .
 on a mission : maryam alkhawaja spreads word on oppression in bahrain <sec> maryam alkhawaja was born into a family of activists .  she travels the world to tell stories of bahraini oppression .  the bahrain government says it addresses grievances , investigates abus .
 how right was romney ? - cnnpolitics.com <sec> romney feels vindication over 2012 campaign .  warned russia was a threat and of chaos in the middle east .  but romney underestimated the pace of economy recover .
 $ 100 margarita ! america 's most expensive cocktails <sec> across the u.s. bars are playing a ritzy game of `` who can make the spendiest cocktail ? '' .  red o restaurant in los angeles serves a $ 100 margarita .  at lily bar & lounge in vegas , $ 480 gets you drink with a super-rare johnnie walker vintag .
 colorado teen pleads guilty in plan to join isis <sec> shannon conley , 19 , pleads guilty to conspiracy to support foreign terrorist organization .  conley , arrested in april , revealed plan to join isis and serve as nurse at jihadist camp .  she faces a maximum penalty of five years in federal prison and up to a $ 250,000 fin .
 how traders track twitter to beat the market <sec> commodities traders use twitter to get inside info from farmers .  one fund based all its trades on sentiment analysis of tweets .  etoro is a social network for investing , letting users copy the trading strategies of other .
 opinion : i went to sxsw and ended up in jail <sec> as south by southwest music festival begins , sally kohn visits prison .  a program called jail guitar doors aims to use music to transforms lives and a system .  kohn : america incarcerates too many and does n't spend enough on rehabilitatio .
 crossing the northwest passage with bear grylls <sec> expedition through northwest passage showed declining glaciers .  journey through islands north of canada covered 5700 nautical miles and lasted 14 days .  changing climate has melted ice making it possible to cross from atlantic to pacific during summe .
 champions league : real madrid edge out bayern munich in thriller <sec> real madrid edge out bayern munich in champions league semi-final first leg .  frenchman karim benzema scores only goal after 19 minutes .  cristiano ronaldo returns from injury to help inspire spanish side .  bayern munich dominate possession but can not convert chance .
 this week on marketplace middle east <sec> opec , which supplies 40 percent of world oil plans on cutting more output .  this is the third cut since the fall and is supposed to stabilize prices-will it ? .  or is opec just looking out for its own interests ? .  plus , ceo naguib sawiris talks about his north korea expansion plan .
 federer 's conqueror stakhovsky slides out <sec> sergei stakhovsky exits wimbledon at third round stage .  ukrainian had upset defending champion roger federer .  29th seed grigor dimitrov exits to slovenian grega zemlja .  home favorite andy murray cruises into second wee .
 lawyer : special ops troops gave accused killer alcohol , steroids <sec> special ops troops gave alcohol and steroids to soldier accused of killing afghans , lawyer says .  army staff sgt . .  robert bales is a `` broken man , '' his lawyer says .  he is accused of killing 16 and wounding six afghans .  attorneys have said he suffers from post-traumatic stress disorde .
 beautiful relationship will end if scotland leaves uk <sec> voters in scotland to decide on country 's independence on september 18 .  comedian eddie izzard supports `` let 's stay together '' campaign .  referendum `` will have a resounding impact on all of us -- how we see ourselves '' .  by staying in the union , `` scotland can have the best of both worlds , '' says izzar .
 justin bieber egg probe 'tightening up ' ; da wants more investigation <sec> a prosecutor reviews the security video from bieber 's home .  detectives to meet again with prosecutors next week , investigator says .  the district attorney will decide if a vandalism charge will be filed against bieber .  no court date set yet for bieber 's miami beach charge .
 fourth accuser says cain sexually groped her in 1997 <sec> the woman is identified as sharon bialek .  she is the fourth accuser to come forward .  cain has denied the accusation .
 at time of crisis , french turn to voltaire <sec> after charlie hebdo attacks , french find comfort in writing from 1763 .  voltaire 's `` treatise on tolerance '' is an appeal for religious tolerance , within and between faith .
 nandan nilekani : india 's it guy <sec> set up infosys with six others in 1981 with $ 250 capital ; now worth $ 4 billion .  feted for his business acumen and vision in the technology sector .  voted forbes asia businessman of the year 200 .
 tsarnaev jury told : do n't go to the boston marathon <sec> dzhokhar tsarnaev was found guilty of all 30 counts , may face death penalty .  the sentencing phase starts april 21 ; a judge predicts it will last four weeks .  he warns jurors not to do anything that could be prejudicial to the cas .
 australian police arrest alleged lulzsec hacker <sec> man faces 12 years in prison for allegedly hacking government website .  police say he worked for it company that did business with government agencies .  lulzsec has claimed several major hacking attacks , including one against the ci .
 uk defends afghan mission after 100th death <sec> britain 's prime minister and defense secretary defend mission in afghanistan as `` vital '' .  their defense follows death of 100th british serviceman in afghanistan this year .  britain has lost more than 200 service personnel in the country since start of fighting in 2001 .  uk has largest contingent of troops in afghanistan after united state .
 nrc chairman : reactor situation in japan is static but not stable <sec> nrc chairman gregory jaczko speaks to members of senate public works panel .  `` we do n't see significant changes on a day-to-day basis with the reactors , '' jaczko says .  sen. barbara boxer seeks assurances on safety of u.s. reactors in seismic zones .  questions arise about whether evacuation zones in the u.s. need to be extende .
 french parliament debates burqa ban <sec> french law would bar women from covering faces with islamic veils .  lower house of parliament expected to vote next week ; senate approval also required to become law .  government says veils harm human dignity and equality between sexes .  ban could violate human rights law , council of state and amnesty international war .
 police on the hunt for suspected arsonist in california <sec> about a dozen fires have been set in the downtown area of san jose .  police release a sketch of the suspect .  no one has been reported injured in the fire .
 8 travel resolutions for 2013 <sec> try breaking away from the group to explore a little on your own .  learn a few words in the language of the country you 're visiting to show respect .  consider an organized tour to let someone else do the planning for you .  it 's ok to take a break at starbucks or other american business for something familia .
 felix savon <sec> olympic record : 3 gold medals .  savon had earned his first olympic gold with a crushing 14-1 win .  boxer ; born september 22 , 1967 in san vicente , cub .
