 twitter : from the horse 's mouth <sec> racehorses increasingly taking to twitter to reach out to fans .  part of a growing number of popular animal accounts on twitter .  the key to success is to be funny , argues social media expert .  followers experience what it 's like to own a race horse - without buying on .
 five questions for president obama <sec> long list of questions obama could be asked -- from terror threats to u.s.-russia relations , to the economy .  obama 's last news conference was in june during africa trip ; last at white house was in april .  since last news conference , russia has taken in nsa leaker and terror threat has been elevate .
 somalia famine killed close to 260,000 people , report says <sec> new : `` these deaths could and should have been prevented , '' says oxfam .  nearly 260,000 people died between october 2010 and april 2012 , a new study says .  half of the famine victims were children aged under 5 , the report says .  `` the suffering played out like a drama without witnesses , '' says philippe lazzarin .
 life is a beach at cape hatteras national seashore <sec> more than 2.3 million people visited cape hatteras national seashore last year .  north carolina 's ocracoke island is home to second-oldest oldest operating lighthouse in u.s . .  area home to wright brothers national memorial and fort raleigh national historic site .  barrier islands offer history lesson , a vacation destination and a geological wonde .
 april the deadliest month in iraq in 5 years <sec> april 's total is the deadliest since june 2008 .  most of it occurs in baghdad .  violence results from tensions between sunnis and shi'ites but targets others as wel .
 drones challenge legislation ( opinion ) <sec> the crash of a small drone on white house grounds made headlines recently .  mary `` missy '' cummings : faa must outline clear regulations on drone .
 zimmerman prosecutors release evidence list <sec> prosecutors release an eight-page list of witness statements , reports .  the document contains no new details about the case .  george zimmerman is charged with second-degree murder in death of trayvon marti .
 bess myerson , noted ex-miss america , dead at 90 <sec> bess myerson was noted miss america winner , new york figure .  myerson was later caught in a scandal .  beauty queen was tv personality , public servan .
 obama bristles at suggestion he 's shifted on snooping <sec> obama says his stand on surveillance is not the same as dick cheney 's .  he tells pbs his emphasis is on `` system of checks and balances '' .  obama also says congress was told details of nsa program .
 botswana 's fearless legal eagle fights male bias <sec> unity dow was the first female judge appointed to the high court in botswana .  today , she is a successful author and partner in her own law firm .  dow is also a prominent activist , championing women 's rights in her country .  she says her next goal is to join the political aren .
 'whitey ' bulger 's companion sells share of house to sister for $ 1 <sec> catherine greig sold her share of a family home to her sister .  she had another home protected under the homsetead act , the boston globe reports .  greig faces charges of harboring a fugitive .  she shared an apartment with bulger while the fbi was hunting hi .
 sources : cell phone images alter course of afghan probe <sec> new : video shows rows of blankets , apparent mourners wailing by loved ones .  locals apparently pulled bodies from rubble after u.s. troops left compound .  reports say as many as 90 civilians killed in strike ; pentagon disputes death toll .  u.s. says it killed at least 30 militants , uncovered cache of weapons in strik .
 return of the 'white plague ' : fears over the rise of 'incurable ' tb <sec> drug-resistant tb is on the rise , with some strains immune to all major drugs .  extensively resistant tb reported in 92 countries but is likely to be in many more .  about 450,000 new drug-resistant tb cases reported worldwide in 2012 .  `` it 's probably in every country , '' says exper .
 assassination plots and schemes : castro in the crosshairs <sec> a plot to embarrass castro suggested chemicals to cause his beard to fall out .  one plan included mafia figures and poison pills .  a booby-trapped seashell that would explode when lifted was also discussed .  one scheme included a diving suit dusted inside with a disease-causing fungu .
 us government seeks to block american-us airways merger <sec> the merged american airlines-us airways would be the world 's largest airline .  lawsuit : the merger would `` substantially lessen competition '' for air travel .  airline mergers won approval in recent years amid the poor economy , but industry now making money .  new : american/us airways say they will fight government attempt to block their dea .
 former catholic priest in photo scandal marries <sec> alberto cutie married ruhama canellis on tuesday , court documents show .  cutie was catholic priest seen in tabloid photos embracing woman in bathing suit .  after pictures surfaced , cutie admitted two-year relationship with the woman .  he said last month he was leaving catholic church and becoming episcopalia .
 spain 's massive lottery awards billions <sec> spain 's annual christmas lottery paid our $ 2.2 billion to thousands of winners .  the biggest prize -- el gordo -- was won by residents in alcala de henares .  the lottery intake was $ 3.2 billion , but the government keeps 30 % .  spaniards spent less on lottery tickets this yea .
 nasa : location of satellite debris not determined <sec> location of debris is still not determined .  a man in hawaii says he thinks he saw pieces fall from the sky .  about 26 pieces , some weighing hundreds of pounds , were expected to survive re-entry .  it is not clear exactly where the pieces might have lande .
 it 's time for a kid-free vacation <sec> with most children in school , destinations are often less crowded , more affordable .  some spots are exclusively for the 18-and-older set ; others have fewer kids present .  some disney resorts pass holders avoid their favorite parks during the summe .
 police , get friendly with community <sec> latest ferguson shootings push strained race relations to breaking point .  donna brazile : relationship between police forces and minority communities must improv .
 woman says she and friend flew in cockpit with missing jet 's co-pilot in 2011 <sec> jonti roos tells cnn that she and her friend took pictures with the pilots during the flight .  she says she is facebook friends with the first officer still and saw the news he was missing .  there is no reason to make up a story that might hurt families of the missing , she says .  malaysia airlines is checking the report , spokesman say .
 obama , hu to talk economy , north korea <sec> new : obama to hold formal talks with chinese president hu jintao in beijing .  new : new u.s. poll shows split on whether chinese pose military threat .  obama tells students free flow of info a source of strength , despite sting .  united states imports billions of dollars in chinese products each yea .
 d.a . to seek death penalty in oklahoma beheading <sec> document says crime was `` especially heinous , atrocious or cruel '' .  co-worker complained after nolen spoke of not liking white people , official says .  fbi involved because suspect `` was saying arabic terms '' during attacks , official says .  alton alexander nolen , 30 , is charged with murder , attempted murder , assaul .
 'americans are not your enemy , ' obama tells muslims <sec> new : new u.s. leader has n't yet won muslim hearts and minds , analyst says .  president obama has pledged to improve ties with the muslim world .  obama said the u.s. will go after terrorist organizations that kill innocent civilians .  president says america will start by listening , not dictatin .
 ex-pakistani leader admits secret deal with u.s. on drone strikes <sec> first on cnn : musharraf says pakistan ok 'd u.s. drone strikes `` on a few occasions '' .  he says sometimes `` you could n't delay , '' noting the `` enemy '' could be elusive and `` vicious '' .  pakistani officials have long condemned u.s. drone strikes and denied any role in them .  a drone killed militant nek mohammed , musharraf says ; pakistan had credited its militar .
 top 5 lessons from the 'downton abbey ' season finale <sec> popular british drama on pbs has viewers hanging on every arch word .  birth and death , love and loss mark season-ender .  tom remains caught between two worlds .  staff finally get out of the house for a whil .
 soccer stars take the bus as european champions league semis go ahead <sec> uefa announces that champions league semifinals will go ahead this week .  titleholders barcelona and lyon will undertake long bus trips to italy and germany .  barcelona play first leg away to inter milan , while lyon face bayern munich .  uefa yet to make a decision on thursday 's european league semifinal fixture .
 vettel still on top despite hamilton 's shanghai success <sec> lewis hamilton is up to second in the drivers ' championship after win in china .  reigning champion sebastian vettel is 21 points ahead after finishing second .  hamilton 's mclaren teammate jenson button is third ahead of red bull 's mark webbe .
 sustainable development offers new path <sec> jeffrey sachs : raw capitalism is the economics of greed .  last year was the earth 's hottest year on record , he say .
 explainer : the power of credit rating agencies <sec> `` big three '' are standard & poor 's , moody 's investor services and fitch ratings .  critics say the agencies have lost their ability to independently judge risk on certain investments .  agencies say they only give opinions on credit ; choices ultimately up to investors .  15 of the world 's biggest banks downgraded due to exposure to global financial crisi .
 fear and confusion rule as greece faces uncertain future <sec> new : `` i am a european ; i want to continue being in the eu . .  i want the euro , '' says a businesswoman .  greece has suffered days of political turmoil since elections failed to produce a government .  `` the fragile political situation has scared almost everyone i know , '' says a greek student .  greece is in urgent need of a stable , credible government , an analyst say .
 suu kyi : constitution does not conform with 'democratic norms ' <sec> myanmar 's opposition leader urges education and health care improvements .  state tv broadcasts a campaign speech by aung san suu kyi for the first time .  suu kyi will participate in by-elections in myanmar next mont .
 mayor 's advice to the bullied : 'grow a pair ' <sec> mayor is raising his two grandchildren not to be 'whiny ' .  his daughter died in a wreck 10 years ago .  mayor cameron hamilton is now receiving hate e-mail .  porterville , california , mayor says at meeting that the bullied should stick up for themselve .
 officer who drove into suspect subject of past lawsuit <sec> officer michael rapiejko was sued in new york over claims he used excessive force during an arrest .  the city settled the lawsuit while rapiejko and others admitted no guilt .  rapiejko left the nypd voluntarily in 2006 , source tells cn .
 freshman legislators show real life in congress <sec> two freshman representatives document their experience for cnn .  rep. jared polis is a democrat representing colorado 's second district .  rep. jason chaffetz is a republican representing utah 's third distric .
 a trip to the center of a diplomatic spat <sec> south korea and japan claim the islands seoul calls dokdo and tokyo calls takeshima .  s. korea has had armed guards stationed on the rocky outcrop since the 1950s .  located in rich fishing grounds , the area around the islands may also contain gas reserves .  tourist ferries arrive frequently , swarming with people carrying south korean flag .
 obama proposes rule to ease immigration for some <sec> the proposal is meant to cut the time families are separated .  it would allow some immigrants to remain in the u.s. while they apply for a waiver .  the rule would undermine an important deterrent , an opponent say .
 diver fabien cousteau 's 31 day underwater 'truman show ' <sec> jacques cousteau 's grandson , fabien , to live in underwater lab 31 days .  team of aquanauts will plunge 20 meters underwater , living in lab the size of a school bus .  50 years since cousteau elder lived in ocean habitat , made oscar winning documentary .  modern day mission captured in 24/7 tv coverage , skype chats , social media update .
 by the numbers : pets ! <sec> this week is national pet week and be kind to animals week .  americans will spend more than $ 55 billion on pets in 2013 , an industry group says .  industry group : almost 83 million u.s. homes had pets in 2012 .  gallup : 70 % of americans call themselves `` dog people .
 'cuban five ' spy renounces u.s. citizenship to stay on island <sec> 'cuban five ' renounces u.s. citizenship as condition of staying in cuba .  u.s. judge issued renunciation option for rene gonzalez on friday .  convicted spy would be lesser u.s. security risk in cuba , judge writes .  four others still serving sentences in u.s. prison .
 heroes ' welcome for germany 's world cup winners <sec> germany 's national football team arrive home after winning world cup in brazil .  victorious side tour berlin on open-top trailer ; streets lined with supporters .  tens of thousands of fans gather at brandenburg gate to welcome the champions .  germany beat argentina 1-0 with goal in extra time to notch up fourth titl .
 mad men ? the perils of sailing solo around the world <sec> thomas coville is the latest to attempt to break the record for solo circumnavigating the globe .  robin knox-johnston was the first man to do so nonstop , calling it `` where i 'm happiest '' .  `` the professor '' michel desjoyeaux insists there is no danger as safety comes first .  britain 's steve white faced a gargantuan uphill struggle in his solo sailing bi .
 using relative 's dna cracks crime , but privacy questions raised <sec> denver police this year tracked down a car theft suspect using his brother 's dna .  investigators compared blood dna from the scene to records in a criminal database .  da says the method is n't for the courtroom , but for building leads in an investigation .  a defense attorney says it violates a person 's `` reasonable expectation of privacy .
 official : man kills 3 u.s. marines at afghan base <sec> an afghan policeman kills 10 fellow officers , an official in nimruz province says .  afghan official says three soldiers killed in helmand province were u.s. marines .  the shooting occurs at a base shared by afghan and nato troops , the official says .  earlier in the day , a man in an afghan security force uniform kills three u.s. soldier .
 spca : dog walker should be charged after 6 pets died in her truck <sec> the spca says it will recommend animal cruelty charges against a dog walker .  six dogs died in the dog walker 's care ; originally , she said they 'd been stolen .  police are investigating the dogs ' deaths ; devastated owners say they 're heartbroke .
 entertainment weekly 's picks of the week <sec> entertainment weekly 's top pick of the week : `` where the wild things are '' .  emmy-winning `` 30 rock '' returns thursday with a poke at network execs .  unusual music release : bob dylan 's christmas albu .
 papa john 's founder warns against eating too much pizza <sec> pizza chain founder advises customers not to eat more than one or two slices .  john schnatter made his comments on a popular radio program in the uk .  papa john 's is the third biggest pizza chain in the united state .
 university chemistry lab fire injures 2 <sec> chemical reaction injures two university of maryland-college park students .  authorities evacuated the chemistry building , a fire department spokesman say .
 ugandan community ravaged by war finds solidarity in soccer <sec> about 40,000 mostly-war victims gather to watch world cup .  residents trek for miles for public screening .  game sparks fierce patriotism in the continent .  `` i want to play like robinho , '' teen says of top brazil playe .
 mars curiosity rover finds life-supporting chemicals <sec> mars curiosity rover finds evidence of clay formations , or `` mudstone '' .  clay may have held the key ingredients for life billions of years ago .  scientist calls findings `` a game changer .
 texas man pleads guilty to attempting to fight for isis <sec> michael todd wolfe , a.k.a . .  `` faruq , '' pleads guilty to attempted material support to terrorists .  he was planned to `` engage in violent jihad in syria , '' a federal prosecutor says .  wolfe , who is from austin , was arrested on june 17 at a houston airport .  a second austin-area man is being held on separate terror support charge .
 lawsuit takes aim at new york teacher-tenure laws <sec> new york student plaintiffs claim teacher-tenure laws are flawed .  union : tenure laws are `` wildly misunderstood , '' teachers are entitled to due process .  in a similar california case , a judge threw out state teacher-tenure law .
 surprise ! you 're having a baby -- in an hour <sec> new mother found out she was pregnant 51 minutes before giving birth .  massachusetts woman said she thought she put on christmas weight .  study : 1 out of 7225 pregnancies are `` cryptic pregnancies .
 obama officially begins 2nd term on sunday <sec> president and vice president sworn in officially on sunday before public ceremony on monday .  obamas and bidens led volunteers in national day of service on saturday to honor rev . .  martin luther king jr . .  sunday 's events include concerts , balls and obama thank-you to donors .  monday 's crowds expected to be about half of those who gathered in d.c. in 200 .
 after 20-hour swat standoff , man suspected in cop 's death found dead <sec> police dispatcher identifies dead suspect as ricky coley .  the shooter was found dead monday afternoon .  a police officer in a detroit suburb was killed sunday night .  a 20-hour standoff ensued after the man barricaded himself in the hous .
 minister : teen 's goa murder covered up <sec> indian police covered up murder of uk girl in goa , state 's tourism minister said .  police arrest one man over the death of the 15-year-old .  mother of scarlett keeling says she thinks police have arrested wrong ma .
 get to know stunning scotland <sec> scotland voted no to independence from the uk on september 18 .  it 's home to stunning scenery , historic castles and culture-heavy cities .  get to know bonny scotland through travel photos submitted by ireporters .  have an image to add ? .  share it via cnn irepor .
 north korea 's leader , presumptive heir , attend huge parade <sec> north korea 's leader kim jong ill attends huge military parade sunday .  kim jong un , who u.s. believes will replace kim jong ill , also attends .  event features 20,000 military personnel , tanks and missiles .  arirang celeberations mark creation of north korea 's peoples ' workers part .
 romney starts to fill in blanks on his tax plan <sec> william gale : mitt romney 's $ 5 trillion tax cut proposal did n't add up for months .  he says new idea of a cap on deductions is a first step toward a viable plan .  gale says the cap would n't be nearly enough to pay for the tax cuts , but it would help .  he says that it could make taxpayers much less likely to give to charit .
 opinion : should it be legal for politicians to lie ? <sec> ilya shapiro says that political speech should not be regulated by states .  the u.s. supreme court will rule on an ohio case that outlaws political lies .  shapiro : idea that a censor would vet speeches , ads against truth-o-meter is a joke .  ohio 's ban of lies and damn lies , he argues , is inconsistent with the first amendmen .
 opinion : drug prohibition is a global folly <sec> ted carpenter : it 's no surprise that a new report says the global war on drugs is failing .  carpenter : drug prohibition leads to corruption , violence and a host of societal problems .  he says the folly of alcohol prohibition offers us lessons in anti-drug strategies .  carpenter : change of policy should begin with legalization of marijuan .
 common core has no better alternative ( opinion ) <sec> william bennett : critics of common core have lost perspective of its purpose .  bennett : the problem is how to address american students ' flat or falling test scores .  he says lack of common standards means inconsistent and unreliable learning results .  bennett : some of its problems stem from local implementations , not federal mandat .
 bus carrying turkish military bombed in istanbul , kills 5 <sec> new : 5 killed in istanbul bus bombing .  new : kurdish splinter group issues claim of responsibility .  new : istanbul governor : 'this is a terrorist act .
 arrest made in guatemalan massacre <sec> the president says that ex-kaibiles are believed to be involved in the killings .  authorities blame mexico 's zetas cartel for the killings .  the man under arrest has a strong connection with the zetas , officials sa .
