 arrest made in death of nazi concentration camp survivor <sec> bronx woman charged with murder , robbery ; police say a man is still being sought .  guido felix brinkmann , 89 , was found strangled thursday in manhattan apartment .  latvia native had lived alone since wife died last year ; son suspects killing is rando .
 israel strikes gaza , claims hits on 2 rocket launchers <sec> sources : gaza training camp hit , no injuries .  israel 's `` iron dome '' earlier intercepted rocket from gaza , military says .  spokesman : israel responded to `` terrorist aggression .
 new evidence shows sudan is dropping cluster munitions onto civilian areas <sec> cluster munitions scatter bomblets that can be especially dangerous to children .  international law bans such bombs , but sudan has yet to sign on .  civilians in sudan 's south kordofan state say planes have used them .  a spokesman denies that the sudanese army uses cluster munition .
 pope : football a moral guide to life <sec> pope says football can teach values of `` honesty , solidarity and fraternity '' .  sport should be used as a vehicle of education for young people , he says .  vatican has endorsed lower league club ancona 's adoption of ethical code .  german-born pope is reputed to be a bayern munich fa .
 opinion : one day this week , i became an outlaw <sec> tushar malik : india 's high court just made being gay illegal , upholding old colonial law .  supreme court reversed a lower court ruling four years ago to legalize homosexuality .  malik remembers being hopeful when being gay was made legal ; many came out of closet .  he says , `` while india 's supreme court justices took my freedom , they can not take my hope .
 italian woman kidnapped in algeria is freed <sec> new : the freed hostage is expected back in italy on wednesday -- media reports .  the tourist was kidnapped in algeria in february 2011 .  al qaeda in the islamic mahgreb seized her near the niger borde .
 montana newlywed jordan linn graham pleads guilty in murder <sec> `` for us , it 's been emotional from the drop of the gavel , '' defense attorney says .  friend of victim is terse about justice : `` god 'll take care of it '' .  `` i just pushed '' cody johnson over the cliff , defendant tells the judge .  she now faces at least 19 1/2 years in prison and a maximum of lif .
 are super bowl ads bad for our health ? <sec> a high proportion of ads are pitching soda , snacks , and other junk foods .  there 's a certain synergy between super bowl ads and the menu at most parties .  the relationship between tv commercials and unhealthy eating may be more pronounce .
 florida professor , wife accused of stealing money from nasa <sec> fbi raids office of florida professor accused of taking money from nasa .  investigators : samim anghaie , family used money for personal gain .  anghaie has been placed on administrative leave with pa .
 green living with ed begley jr . <sec> actor ed begley jr has been a life-long environmentalist .  new reality tv show gives tips on how to live a greener life .  begley : there is hope for future ; action now is necessar .
 release date moved up for seal 's book on bin laden raid <sec> publication of account moved up to september 4 .  the author uses a pen name , publisher says .  at the request of pentagon officials , cnn is not naming the sea .
 america 's best vacations for sports fans <sec> cities from louisville to san diego offer vacations perfect for sports fans .  visitors can take an indycar for a high-speed ride around the track .  iconic ballpark wrigley field celebrates its 100th season this year .  disney 's espn wide world of sports hosts events for 60 different sport .
 amanda knox to face slander trial <sec> new : there was never hope of an unbiased hearing , her stepfather says .  monday 's hearing determined that there is enough evidence to try her .  the american student convicted of killing her roommate is also accused of defaming police .  she was sentenced last year to 26 years in prison for killing meredith kerche .
 pakistan cricket players face police amid continued scandal <sec> new : three accused players voluntarily submit to police questioning .  new : attorney : players are cooperating with probes .  cricket 's governing body has suspended the players .  flanagan : `` players have a case to answer .
 school hero antoinette tuff 's fund for inner-city kids wins donors <sec> tuff 's fund will pay for travel for inner-city children .  she set goal of $ 1,500 , but more than $ 100,000 has been raised .  school bookkeeper persuaded armed school intruder to surrender to police .  president obama plans to invite her to white hous .
 report : turkish court lifts total youtube ban <sec> new : access to youtube still appeared to be blocked for turkish users on friday .  access to twitter was restored in turkey on thursday after a constitutional court ruling .  turkey 's prime minister last month blamed social media for fueling anti-government rhetori .
 man builds web pages by day and nuclear fusion reactors by night <sec> mark suppes inspired by american physicist to explore nuclear energy .  says he achieved nuclear fusion on june 6 .  suppes has spent $ 37,000 building reactor since october 200 .
 head over heels for mongolia 's mind-bending contortionists <sec> mongolia home to some of world 's greatest contortionists .  many now perform in international circuses , including cirque du soliel .  youngsters train from just five years old , up to three hours a da .
 dress to impress : venus ' style revival <sec> venus williams recently relaunched her clothing label eleven in new york .  the seven-time grand slam champion was diagnosed with sjogren 's syndrome last year .  the former world no . .  1 won the women 's olympic doubles title alongside sister serena .  williams took time out of her playing career to obtain a fashion degre .
 1 killed in small plane crash in alabama <sec> the plane crashes as it is approaching an airport runway .  the cause of the crash is not known , the faa say .
 judge oks release of 'inflammatory ' casey anthony video <sec> new : anthony was in jail room where tv carried news remains had been found .  in the video , anthony is sitting in the waiting room of a jail medical facility .  judge perry says there 's no privacy in jail and hipaa regulations do n't apply .  another judge had sealed the video in 2009 , calling its content inflammator .
 spain 's first post-franco prime minister , adolfo suarez , is dead <sec> king juan carlos appointed suarez prime minister in 1976 .  the king calls him `` a great servant of spain and was not always well understood '' .  suarez , 81 , died at a madrid hospital after a long illness , his family say .
 commuters push 32-ton train car off trapped woman in japan <sec> a woman fell in a gap between a commuter train and platform near tokyo .  40 passengers and staff members push a 30,000-kilogram train car to free her .  the woman was not seriously injure .
 boko haram leader : 'i will sell ' kidnapped nigerian girls <sec> nigerian finance minister : government did not communicate `` properly '' .  `` help us to get these girls back , '' she says to other nations , international groups .  `` allah says i should sell . .  he commands me to sell , '' boko haram leader says .  `` no group can affect our resolve , '' a nigerian government spokesman tells cn .
 bear cub found dead in new york 's central park <sec> bear cub not from central park zoo .  cub 's body showed signs of trauma .  nypd is investigating as possible animal cruelt .
 spain sets out painful spending cuts <sec> new prime minister mariano rajoy has said spain 's economic recovery is his top priority .  public sector wages and hiring are to be frozen in next year 's budget .  pension payments , which had been frozen , will increase by 1 .
 jury holds boy scouts negligent in sex-abuse case <sec> how scouts handled case of former scout leader timur dykes at center of lawsuit .  jurors in portland award former scout who had contact with dykes $ 1.4 million .  on tuesday , trial 's second phase to determine punitive damages in 1980s .  spokesman : scouts have taken extensive steps to keep abusers out in recent year .
 opinion : computers ca n't replace real teachers <sec> wendy kopp : even steve jobs realized computers could n't solves societal problems .  she says in education , teachers make the difference when kids excel against the odds .  a cnn.com article presented idea that kids could learn mainly with computers .  she says research shows kids with one effective grade school teacher achieve on many level .
 'homeland ' recruits two actors for season 4 <sec> two new actors are joining the show .  season 4 moves the action overseas .  production kicks off soon in south afric .
 clinton , obama debate with less finger-pointing <sec> debate focuses on health care , iraq , economy .  clinton , obama keep it cordial , draw comparisons to ex-sen. john edwards .  clinton pushes experience , obama pushes judgment .  candidate mike gravel did n't meet criteria , was n't invite .
 first lady of formula 1 takes control of the track <sec> monisha kaltenborn became formula 1 's first female team principal in october .  she is in charge of both business and on-the-track performance of sauber , sixth in last year 's team championship .  trained as a lawyer , kaltenborn came to formula 1 by chance , after joining legal team of one of sauber 's shareholder .
 family buries girl pulled from rubble alive <sec> anaika st. louis dies after being rescued .  she had been trapped in the rubble for 48 hours days .  cnn crew meets girl while rescue was underway , gives her water , food .  family buries girl known as the `` little lawyer '' on frida .
 pitcher brings one eye and a courageous heart to the mound <sec> two years ago , a line drive smashed into jordan underwood , destroying his left eye .  underwood now pitches with tinted safety glasses covering his acrylic left eye .  coach mark hogan at southeast missouri : `` i was n't afraid of signing him '' .  the winning pitcher hopes `` my story can inspire somebody else and motivate them .
 rescue on hold for 29 trapped in new zealand coal mine <sec> rescuers are waiting on air-quality safety tests to go after trapped miners .  prince william sends message to prime minister .  authorities have met with family members of 29 trapped men .  those trapped could be as far as 2.2 km ( 1.4 miles ) from the mine entranc .
 fear , despair as bailed out cyprus faces uncertain future <sec> cyprus ' banks reopen for first time in nearly two weeks .  cyprus agreed to allow big losses for large deposit holders in exchange for €10 billion bailout .  young cypriots see the bailout and its harsh terms as a threat to their futur .
 great scott ! aussie adam scott wins masters <sec> adam scott of australia won the masters at augusta .  scott defeated argentina 's angel cabrera on the second hole of playoff .  the 32-year-old is first australian to ever win the tournament .  scott : `` i do n't know how that happened . .
 5 things we still do n't know about north korea 's nukes <sec> with north korea on the verge of a possible missile launch , questions remain about its capabilities .  disclosure of u.s. intelligence hints pyongyang may be closer to nuclear weapon than previously thought .  but senior u.s. intelligence leaders quickly refute the intelligence assessmen .
 house to vote on stimulus after inauguration , pelosi says <sec> speaker nancy pelosi sets full house vote on stimulus for week of january 25 .  house committees will work on obama 's plan over the next couple of weeks .  senate democrats balk at proposal to give employers $ 3,000 for each worker hire .
 chelsea sack manager villas-boas after less than a year in charge <sec> chelsea sack manager andre villas-boas .  villas-boas was in charge at stamford bridge for less than a year .  sixth manager to be shown the door by roman abramovich .  roberto di matteo takes over until the end of the seaso .
 hidden treasures in our national parks <sec> hike on the colorado plateau , where humans have lived for nearly 5,000 years .  explore the 390 miles of documented underground cave passages in kentucky .  sea turtle nesting has begun on padre island in texas ; hatchling releases may start in may .  look for bobcats , otters and wild pigs at south carolina 's congaree national par .
 south korea 's ruling party taps park for presidential bid <sec> if elected , park geun-hye would be the country 's first female president .  park is the daughter of former dictator park chung-hee .  he was assassinated by his security chief in 197 .
 cnn student news transcript : september 24 , 2010 <sec> hear what president obama discussed during his speech at the u.n . .  find out why a pledge to america takes aim at the new health care law .  consider the plight of the pangolin , an endangered species in asia .  use the weekly newsquiz to test your knowledge of stories you saw on cnn student new .
 new guidelines ban schools from conducting immigration checks on kids <sec> new legal guidance issued to school districts , states from justice and education departments .  schools ca n't ask for proof of citizenship or block students if parents ca n't prove legal residency .  obama administration issued guidance on the matter in 2011 , but problems persis .
 kiss singer paul stanley suffers heart ailment <sec> apparent tachycardia , or rapid heart rate , struck while the band was rehearsing .  stanley : `` my heart spontaneously jumped to 190 plus beats per minute '' .  stanley said he was told performing would be risky ; show went on without hi .
 official warns of egypt 's collapse as protesters defy curfew order <sec> new : president says on social media that curfews are in hands of local governments .  in port said , about 4,000 people join protest , chanting anti-government slogans .  u.n. office : early reports suggest most casualties were caused by authorities .  the defense minister denies claims that the army used live ammunition on protester .
 death toll from yemen explosion rises to 150 <sec> new : the provincial governor blames al qaeda for the blast .  officials say scores are dead and 85 people are injured , some critically .  witnesses report that half of those killed were women and children .  the blast monday comes after months of demonstrations in yeme .
 fire traps 32 crew on danish cargo ship <sec> 32 crew members of a danish cargo vessel are trapped on board after a fire on the ship .  airlift rescue attempts were halted due to bad weather , a rescue center spokesman said .  the ship is carrying 24,000 tons of military equipment from oslo to berge .
 brooke shields upset over mom 's tabloid lunch date <sec> reporter takes brooke shields ' mom out of nursing home , people magazine reports .  reporter , with national enquirer , claims to have known teri shields for years .  teri shields , 75 , asked reporter to take her to lunch , national enquirer says .  police in new jersey community investigating , people report .
 u.s. sales of widely used drug for chickens to be suspended <sec> study found that the livers of chickens given the drug contained low levels of a carcinogen .  suspension does not kick in for 30 days .  pfizer says that delay will give time for producers to transition to other treatment strategies , according to the fd .
 costa concordia : no search yet for last victim in wreck <sec> costa concordia salvage operation is all under control , officials say .  the ship will only be searched for the remains of the last victim when it reaches genoa .  it is not expected to start its final journey , under tow , until next week .  underwater cameras reveal no cracks or fissures after the vessel was refloated monda .
 florida man held in haiti charged in family slayings <sec> new : at a news conference , police say they think killings were premeditated .  mesac damas charged with first-degree murder in deaths of wife , 5 children .  six bodies found saturday in family 's north naples , florida , home , police say .  damas , 33 , captured monday in haiti ; authorities are headed there to interview hi .
 world cup winner gennaro gattuso investigated on fixing charges <sec> former ac milan and italy star gennaro gattuso investigated in match fixing probe .  four individuals arrested in same investigation by italian prosecutors .  gattuso won two serie a titles and two champions league crowns at ac milan .  the 35-year-old was also part of italy 's 2006 world cup winning squa .
 99-year-old maine woman receives college diploma 75 years later <sec> a $ 5 diploma fee prevented jessie rose white from receiving her degree in 1939 .  `` i 've always had a great thirst for learning , '' white said .  a friend shared white 's story with beal college in bango .
 portraits of 'much loved ' teddy bears by mark nixon <sec> mark nixon 's photos were inspired by his son 's attachment to a stuffed animal .  nixon says the stories of the bears are just as integral as the photos .  the book of photos will be released on october 2 .
 wire the desert : the next generation of smart cities <sec> 'smart cities ' are set to quadruple over the next decade .  eastern europe , the gulf , and latin america among the hotspots .  entire cities being built on smart grids for intelligent transport , communications , and energy transmissio .
 eastwood and beyonce could team up for film <sec> clinton eastwood and beyonce knowles are in talks to work on the film .  eastwood may direct a remake of the 1937 classic .  it has already been remade two other time .
 on the trail of orangutans in malaysia <sec> once fearsome headhunters , the iban people are expert trackers who 've turned their talents to following orangutan .  hilton 's batang ai longhouse resort is modeled after traditional longhouses , but is far more luxurious .  the resort , on the shores of a jungle reservoir , is ideal for treks to find wild oranguta .
 royal visit turns crowds at cambridge , nz , 'all gooey ' <sec> the duke and duchess of cambridge and prince george are visiting nz and australia .  prince william and catherine visited the small town of cambridge saturday .  by lunchtime , the town 's population had doubled as people gathered to see them .  there were scenes of screaming and one well-wisher described going `` all gooey .
 exonerated inmate , 52 , wins professional boxing debut <sec> new : dewey bozella , 52 , defeated larry hopkins by unanimous decision .  bozella spent 26 years on a murder conviction overturned two years ago .  the fight , at l.a. 's staples center , was bozella 's first professional bout .  the main event features bernard hopkins , 46 , against a man 17 years his junio .
 predictive tech : an orwellian nightmare in the making ? <sec> leweb 's `` faster than real time '' theme refers to precognitive tech that can predict our choices .  youth thrive in an information-overloaded world and do not see problems coming , says falls .  falls asks , what are the social and legal implications of predictive technology .
 police : nevada councilwoman died in murder-suicide <sec> friend recounts `` wonderful '' lunch with councilwoman day before .  police say autopsy shows husband died about an hour before his wife .  councilwoman donna fairchild of mesquite , nevada , faced possible sanctions .  city council was to look at mileage reimbursement request , another matte .
 burn victim graduates with an mba <sec> manoj rana , a native of india , nearly died in an apartment fire after coming to study in the u.s . .  rana underwent 54 surgeries and five years of an intense therapy program .  he credits his parents and his occupational therapist for his recovery and survival .  he graduated with his mba this month and is looking for a job in financ .
 government report : lewinsky mistreated in '98 <sec> a government report finds that monica lewinsky was mistreated during the 1998 affair investigation .  lewinsky , who had an affair with president bill clinton starting in 1995 , was hounded by agents to cooperate in the investigation .  in doing so , the agents did not allow lewinsky to contact her lawyer and confronted her with a `` false affidavit '' .  the release of the report comes at a time when lewinsky is stepping back into public after a decade of attempted privac .
 two plead not guilty to murder in british soldier lee rigby 's death <sec> michael adebowale and michael adebolajo plead not guilty to charges in soldier 's death .  the two suspects are due to go on trial in november .  soldier lee rigby was killed in a daylight attack near a london barracks in ma .
