 third suspect to be extradited to georgia in videotaped beating of gay man <sec> darael demare williams , 17 , of atlanta is being held in pennsylvania on $ 250,000 bond .  he surrendered himself to authorities .  the videotaped beating victim brandon white , 20 , says he did n't know three suspects .  but an attorney for one suspect says his client knew whit .
 newlywed wo n't tolerate la . official 's 'overt racism ' <sec> beth mckay says she 's hurt after louisiana justice of peace denied marriage license .  keith bardwell says he wo n't wed interracial couples , but denies he 's racist .  state officials have called for bardwell 's dismissa .
 stunning images chronicle china 's dramatic changes <sec> wang wenlan has been a photojournalist in china for almost four decades .  his work is a great window to examine contemporary china .  his most famous series of photographs tracks china 's relationship with the bicycl .
 senate passes controversial tax cut deal <sec> new : the house rules committee will allow a vote on changing the measure .  the house will consider the tax cut package thursday .  the senate passes the $ 858 billion tax cut package .  lower bush-era tax rates are set to expire at the end of the yea .
 messi hat-trick as barca stay two points clear <sec> lionel messi scores a hat-trick in barcelona 's 5-0 win over tenerife .  emphatic victory keeps barca two points clear of arch-rivals real madrid .  real beat real mallorca 2-0 in earlier game with gonzalo higiuan and esteban granero scoring .  a match at the bernabeu is played in snow for the first time in 30 year .
 radical cleric returns to iraq from iran <sec> muqtada al-sadr has been in iran since 2007 .  he 's been studying to be an ayatollah .  his political bloc was a kingmaker after elections in marc .
 from military kid to major champion : creamer 's salute to u.s. soldiers <sec> ladies golf star paula creamer is to help families of soldiers through her foundation .  the 25-year-old won the 2010 u.s. open and has made nearly $ 9m in her career so far .  creamer 's father paul served in the u.s. navy for 22 years and will help her new project .  she wants to provide help and support to the wives and widows of u.s army personne .
 lz : oscar is much smaller than selma <sec> lz : `` selma 's '' 2 oscar nominations seen as a snub by some ; academy voters mostly white .  he says calling out hollywood racism fine , but it may not be the reasons for only 2 nods .  lz : i do n't need academy to tell me how i feel about selma , which is about awakening humanit .
 malaysia missing plane : pilots of mh 370 suspected in disappearance <sec> by the time of last voice contact , something was likely already awry .  u.s. officials indicated the jet may have flown for hours after last contact with the pilots .  pilot 's duties : aviate , navigate , communicate ; communication cut off .  was a third person with them in the cockpit ? .  one pilot has let visitors in befor .
 the president who saved football <sec> bob greene says we may have theodore roosevelt to thank for football as we know it .  he says lax rules and high injury in the early 1900 's prompted a call to ban the sport .  he says roosevelt intervened to persuade teams to formalize rules , hence cutting injury .  greene : expert writer on the subject says not likely a president today could pull this of .
 1,700-mile canada-u.s. pipeline plan clears key hurdle <sec> `` there would be no significant impacts , '' a u.s. environmental official says .  the pipeline would run from alberta , canada , to texas .  it could transport up to 830,000 barrels a day and is estimated to cost $ 7 billion .  environmentalists are staging a two-week protest at the white hous .
 man sought in connection with missing girl ; mother found dead <sec> new : amber alert issued as authorities extend search into texas .  7-year-old was reported missing after mother was found dead sunday night .  authorities seek mother 's estranged husband , say she , girl visited man at his sister 's home .  man , girl believed to be traveling in a white 1992 toyota pase .
 sixth person arrested in homecoming gang rape <sec> another arrest made in gang rape outside california school .  investigators say up to 20 people took part or stood and watched the assault .  four suspects appeared in court thursday ; three wore bulletproof vest .
 hispanic population boom fuels rising u.s. diversity <sec> u.s. census bureau says the minority population has hit an estimated 104.6 million .  nearly one in six residents , or 46.9 million people , are hispanic .  the most latino county in the nation was los angeles , with 4.7 million peopl .
 ousted thai pm yingluck to face impeachment over rice scheme <sec> ousted thai pm yingluck shinawatra will face impeachment proceedings .  yingluck was dismissed by a court wednesday over reassigning a security official .  analysts warn of a potential resumption of political violence in response to rising tensions .  a grenade was thrown at the house of a judge who dismissed yingluck ; noone was hur .
 iraq bomb attacks kill at least 17 <sec> new : another five killed in attacks around the iraqi capital .  two women , three children , two police are among 10 dead in a bombing south of baghdad .  a motorcycle rigged with explosives kills two civilians in northern city of kirku .
 900-year-old saint 's heart vanishes from cathedral <sec> the heart of st. laurence o'toole was kept in a box in christ church cathedral , dublin .  it disappeared some time on friday or saturday , police say .  there are no signs of a break-in and nothing else was taken .  the cathedral calls the disappearance `` awful and strange .
 why did arab league move on syria ? <sec> there is more to the vote against syria than the `` arab spring '' .  as much as arab autocrats fear their people , they also fear iran .  iran 's regional position has strengthened in the last decade .  america 's is perceived to be witherin .
 china reduces banking lifeline to n korea <sec> bank of china cut business with north korea 's main foreign exchange ban .  move follows u.s.-led sanctions to restrict funding for pyongyang 's nuclear program .  china is north korea 's closest economic partner .  move may also reflect bank risk management rather than bigger diplomatic motiv .
 how uganda re-emerged as a top tourist destination <sec> after four decades of violence and political turmoil , uganda is drawing tourists again .  queen elizabeth national park nurtures healthy populations of elephant , lion , hippo and other large mammals .  travel infrastructure and investment in uganda have improve .
 digital-age 'dungeons & dragons ' more than rolling dice <sec> the classic `` dungeons & dragons '' game has new ways to play in the online age .  a multiplayer online option , `` neverwinter , '' has joined classic tabletop gaming .  it 's branched out into a webcomic , `` table titans , '' as well .  wizards of the coast says all versions are now designed to be integrate .
 jimmie johnson wins daytona 500 ; danica patrick finishes 8th <sec> jimmie johnson led 17 laps , says he was confident in his car .  danica patrick becomes first woman to lead green-flag lap at the race .  dale earnhardt jr. was a runner-up for the third time in four years .  some fans injured in saturday incident were scheduled to attend race , official say .
 german super cup : bayern munich beaten by borussia dortmund <sec> bayern munich beaten by borussia dortmund in german super cup final .  league champion defeated 2-0 in dortmund .  henrikh mkhitaryan and pierre-emerick aubameyang on target for dortmund .  france 's franck ribery retires from international footbal .
 friends , family mourn 'good kid ' who died after taser incident <sec> jarrel gray 's uncle tells local media : `` i lost my best friend '' .  witness : fight broke out after yelling match at apartment complex .  deputy who allegedly used taser on gray is on paid administrative leave .  amnesty international cites 150 deaths in asking police to suspend use of taser .
 it 's your fault : how our 'tribes ' help create gridlock in congress <sec> americans are partly to blame for political partisanship .  redistricting is only part of the reason why communities are divided .  people moving into areas with like minded peers , refusing to hear opposing views complicates issue .  this self sorting then trickles up to washington in lawmakers we elect and policies they suppor .
 fordham university tells applicants they 're accepted ; they 're not <sec> fordham tells 2,500 applicants they 're in when their status is uncertain .  e-mail sent by a third party about financial aid mistakenly includes congratulations .  500 not accepted , others are deferred until march or had incomplete application .
 chicago man pleads guilty to plan to fight for al-shabaab terror group <sec> the 28-year-old u.s. citizen told an associate he wanted to engage in `` jihadist fighting '' .  the associate was actually a source assisting law enforcement .  the man 's plea agreement calls for a sentence of nearly 10 years in priso .
 martin kaymer holds on to u.s. open lead as chasers close up <sec> martin kaymer holds on to lead at u.s. open .  battles to 72 at pinehurst no.2 in third round .  ricke fowler and erik compton five shots back .  gernany 's kaymer bidding for second major titl .
 how to find the terrorist amid a tide of human misery <sec> in the past few weeks , houthi rebels have taken control of yemen 's capital .  the move pushes country closer to failed state status , giving al qaeda greater foothold .  nic robertson joins saudi border police trying to staunch the human tid .
 stosur storms into french open semis <sec> world no . .  6 sam stosur reaches french open semifinals for third time in four years .  australia 's u.s. open champion will play italian 21st seed sara errani in paris .  stosur , the 2010 runner-up , beats slovakian 15th seed dominika cibulkova .  errani , who has won three clay titles this year , defeats german 10th seed angelique kerbe .
 serena stunned at wimbledon <sec> serena williams suffers shock defeat in last-16 of wimbledon .  williams beaten by germany 's sabine lisicki in three sets .  world no.1 and five-time wimbledon champion had been favorite for title .  lisicki , seeded 23 , reached semifinal in 201 .
 911 call : a plea for help before police shoot north carolina man <sec> `` there 's a guy breaking in my front door , '' a woman tells a 911 dispatcher .  the call brought police to her north carolina home , where an officer shot the man .  now police say the man was unarmed and looking for help after a car crash .  the officer who shot him is charged with voluntary manslaughte .
 obama 's half brother says he 's out of jail <sec> george obama says he 's out of jail , that charges against him have been dropped .  kenyan police wo n't confirm george obama 's statements .  george obama was arrested in kenya on suspicion of marijuana possession .  man is half-brother of u.s. president barack obam .
 new jersey mumps outbreak linked to nightclub <sec> 22 people infected with `` probable cases '' of mumps , officials say .  21 of those linked to nightclub called d'jais in belmar .  there is no cure for mumps , but most people recover fully , cdc say .
 flogging delayed for saudi activist raif badawi <sec> saudi activist 's flogging delayed on medical grounds , his wife says .  a friend calls the delay `` definitely encouraging .
 teen survives flight to hawaii in jet 's landing gear <sec> teen apparently traveled from california to hawaii in plane 's landing gear .  faa says 105 stowaways have made similar attempts since 1947 ; 25 survived .  the situation indicates a `` big security breach , '' aviation expert says .  boy is with child welfare services , official says ; san jose plans no legal actio .
 opinion : the supreme court 's supreme flaws <sec> eric segall : life tenure allows justices to serve past the point of competence .  segall : court should follow lead of many states and allow cameras in courtroom .  the supreme court nomination process is a farce , he add .
 iran nuclear deal framework announced <sec> netanyahu says a deal would pave the way for iran to get a nuclear bomb .  iran 's enrichment capacity and stockpile will be limited , diplomats say .  talks were tough , intense and `` sometimes emotional and confrontational , '' kerry say .
 mccartney to perform in israel 43 years after ban <sec> former beatle paul mccartney to play in tel aviv , israel , in september .  beatles concert was banned by israel in mid-1960s .  stories differ as to why fab four were banned by israe .
 afghan police : man kills wife for giving birth to daughter instead of son <sec> new : women 's rights are deteriorating in afghanistan , a rights activist says .  the mother of accused husband says her daughter-in-law committed suicide .  sher mohammed and his 22-year-old wife had three daughters .  the mother , who allegedly beat her daughter-in-law , was arrested , but her son fled , police sa .
 who was french gunman mohammed merah ? <sec> merah 's activities led to his inclusion on a u.s. no-fly list , an intelligence official says .  mohammed merah was shot in the head in the police raid , a prosecutor says .  he was wearing a bullet-proof vest and had more weapons .  the 23-year-old claims to have trained with al qaeda in pakistan 's waziristan regio .
 mali 's famed timbuktu without water , other services <sec> new : tuareg separatist group blame `` terrorists '' for timbuktu 's problems .  a french human rights group says it has confirmed a number of executions by malian forces .  amnesty international and human rights watch have also voiced concern .  france and others are backing a malian offensive against islamist and tuareg militant .
 space shuttle endeavour 's final touchdown <sec> new : space shuttle endeavour has landed at los angeles int'l airport .  new : it 's the fourth and final shuttle to be retired .  the final space shuttle to take to the skies lifted off for the final time friday morning .  the retired shuttle is headed toward a museum in los angele .
 calle 13 talks about beginnings , new growth <sec> rene perez and eduardo cabra , aka `` residente '' and `` visitante '' recall their names ' origin .  perez lived on 13th street , or calle 13 , as a boy .  he says he 's matured as an artist and curses less on records now .  cabra says `` we 're going through a bad time , the worst time in music .
 valverde wins stage 17 as wiggins closes in on historic victory <sec> alejandro valverde claims first stage win for team movistar .  team sky 's bradley wiggins nears first british tour de france victory .  wiggins leads teammate by over two minutes with three stages left .  frenchman voeckler closes on `` king of mountain '' titl .
 sudan 's president defies arrest warrant , visits zimbabwe <sec> sudan president omar al-bashir visits zimbabwe despite arrest warrant .  icc accused al-bashir of alleged war crime against rebels in darfur .  al-bashir has denied charges against hi .
 florida school will drop confederate nathan b. forrest 's name <sec> jacksonville , florida , school board votes to drop name of confederate general from school .  critics say nathan bedford forrest was slave trader whose name should not grace a school .  supporters of keeping the name say forrest was misunderstood .  the new name will hopefully be chosen in januar .
 emile hirsch faces felony charge post-sundance <sec> emile hirsch charged with felony aggravated assault and intoxication after incident at sundance .  legal papers allege that hirsch choked a paramount executive until she blacked out .  the actor is due in court next mont .
 'the weight of new orleans ' : katrina survivor drops 175 pounds <sec> darrin cook is a 21-year-old entrepreneur and ceo of my mogul media .  cook weighed 390 pounds at his heaviest after hurricane katrina hit new orleans .  teen dropped 175 pounds by cutting out sugar , soda and processed food .
 mother of teen shot by new york city police demands investigation <sec> carol gray calls for an investigation into her son 's death .  `` i 'm still waiting for kimani to come home , '' she says .  kimani gray , 16 , was shot and killed over the weekend ; his death triggered protests .  police say gray pointed a gun at the .
 the sad racial farce of mindy kaling 's brother ( opinion ) <sec> mindy kaling 's brother vijay chokalingam pretended to be black to get into med school .  jeff yang : that 's offensive and ironic , considering that minorities experience many disadvantage .
 obama immigration order halted by texas judge - cnnpolitics.com <sec> the obama administration says the justice department is expected to appeal the decision .  texas attorney general says judge 's order is `` a victory for the rule of law in america '' .  immigration activists say they are confident the decision will be repeale .
 madonna to anderson cooper : shedding a new ray of light on art and life <sec> madonna has launched a new project titled art for freedom .  she talked thursday with cnn 's anderson cooper about her project .  she is encouraging people to fight oppression , intolerance and complacency through art .  `` it 's the most important thing i 've ever done , besides raising my children , '' madonna say .
 charlie sheen : 'defeat is not an option ' <sec> producers picked `` a fight with the wrong guy '' .  `` sheen 's statements , conduct and condition '' led to the shutdown , cbs says .  the show 's producer `` ca n't handle the truth , '' sheen tells tmz .  four new episodes were to begin production next wee .
 to cure alzheimer 's , invest in prevention <sec> kate mulgrew says millions of americans are affected by alzheimer 's disease .  new research aims to prevent the brain process that leads to the disease , she says .  mulgrew : nation must commit money , attention to developing a promising treatmen .
 movie poster featuring a slimmed-down melissa mccarthy draws ire <sec> promotional posters from mccarthy 's 'the heat ' look different .  the actress ' image appears to have been altered to make her thinner .  reps for the film have declined to commen .
 'watchmen ' finally ticks towards the big-screen <sec> comic-book movie , directed by zack snyder , took two decades to reach cinemas .  directors terry gilliam , darren aronofsky , paul greengrass , previously attached .  source material regarded by many as the best comic-book ever written .  co-creator alan moore has objected to the idea of story being made into movi .
 'house of cards ' in china : surprisingly available and popular <sec> chinese online video service sohu purchased exclusive rights to hit u.s. series .  second series of political drama features a number of storylines involving china .  china restricts number of foreign movies , authorities censor material from foreign sources .  china columnist : strong diatribe against political system in the u.s. rather than against chin .
 taiwan votes : why it matters <sec> incumbent president ma ying jeou of the ruling kuomintang party seeking another four-year term .  tsai ing-wen , leader of the democratic progressive party ( dpp ) , would be the first female president .  china keeps hundreds of missiles aimed at taiwan , an ominous threat to the island to stay in the fold .  beijing wary of tsai ing-wen , suspecting her of pushing a pro-independence agend .
 graham defeats conservative challengers , avoids runoff - cnnpolitics.com <sec> five states held primaries on tuesday .  in south carolina , sen. lindsey graham avoided a primary runoff .  graham faced a divided opposition in his primary bi .
 fall tv fashion : outfitting 'scandal ' <sec> costume designer lyn paolo puts 'scandal 's ' olivia in pastels to show she 's feminine , strong .  paolo : olivia dons cashmere and silk when she 's at home because she 's more vulnerable .  olivia 's `` silhouettes are fairly consistent . .  ... .  it 's a classic business look , '' paolo says .  paolo : olivia will carry a new prada purse on season .
 how to help a sick friend from afar <sec> rep. debbie wasserman schultz has visited gabrielle giffords three times in six weeks .  `` being hospitalized ... can be so isolating , '' she said .  wasserman schultz and others give tips about how to care for your frien .
 management blamed in china mine blast that kills 104 <sec> chinese officials blamed poor management and inadequate precautions for an explosion .  explosion killed 104 and hospitalized 60 others .  last year , 3,200 people were killed in mine accidents , state media said .  four miners still trapped underground , state media reporte .
 nypd conducts pre-super bowl crackdown on sex trafficking <sec> nypd focuses on sex trafficking in crackdown .  sex workers generally treated as victims as cops focus on traffickers .  detective : the nearly 200 arrests are in line with other sweep .
