 foreign minister : new egyptian government to be in place by spring <sec> egypt 's foreign minister says nationwide elections will be held by next spring .  parliamentary elections will be held first , the foreign minister says .  that will be followed by presidential elections , he tells the united nation .
 drone strikes kill 8 in northwest pakistan <sec> new : second strike kills three suspect militants , officials say .  new : death toll from first strike reaches five .  the attack takes place in north waziristan .  it targets a militant hideou .
 gisele bundchen receives love note from hubby tom brady <sec> tom brady to gisele bundchen : `` you inspire me every day '' .  bundchen had last runway show wednesday .  she 'll be focusing more on family , `` special projects .
 inter secure fifth successive victory <sec> italian champions inter milan record their fifth straight win under new coach leonardo .  inter defeat cesena 3-2 to move up to fourth place in serie a , six points behind ac milan .  roma and sampdoria are both through to the quarterfinals of the italian cu .
 mayweather pays the price for extra weight <sec> floyd mayweather weighs in at 146 pounds , juan manuel marquez at 142 .  mayweather had agreed to pay the mexican for every pound over agreed 144 .  reports say that the american will have to stump up an extra $ 600,000 .  mayweather has $ 10 million guarantee , marquez has $ 3.2 million for figh .
 redskins owner sits with navajo nation president <sec> the washington redskins owner sat with the navajo nation president . .  the two were seen sunday at the redskins vs. cardinals game in arizona . .  demonstrators were outside the stadium protesting the nfl team 's name .
 du pont heir convicted of rape spared prison <sec> robert richards was convicted of raping toddler daughter in 2009 .  court decided richards would `` not fare well '' in prison .  his 8-year sentence was suspended and he was given 8 years of probatio .
 nadal : i must be humble in comeback <sec> former world no . .  1 rafael nadal will return this week after a seven-month injury absence .  spaniard will play in chilean tournament for the first time , having slipped to fifth in rankings .  davis cup holders czech republic through to quarterfinals after win by tomas berdych .  nadal 's spain crash out as milos raonic puts canada in last eight for the first tim .
 'unfilmable ' novels ? no such thing , says hollywood <sec> new version of `` the great gatsby '' one of many attempts to bring classic to the screen .  book 's lyrical prose , point of view make adaptation difficult .  movies are different art form , and filmmakers have to remember that , says producer .  `` gatsby '' benefits from well-known title , marketing tie .
 u.s. vacating air base in pakistan after troop deaths <sec> new : pakistan 's prime minister says he wants good relations with the united states .  the u.s. is vacating shamsi air base , which is used by unmanned combat vehicles .  the impact of vacating the air base is likely to be minimal , experts say .  pakistan told the u.s. to leave the base after an airstrike killed 24 pakistani troop .
 burning down the house <sec> carbon scenarios report says eu , uk global warming targets `` unrealistic '' .  report 's author : `` we have failed . .  we will not prevent two degrees of warming '' .  document explores three scenarios for global warming under different policies .  proposes radical shift in policy to introduce global carbon caps and permit .
 rape victims offer advice to today 's college women <sec> study : 1 in 5 college women victim of a rape or an attempt , but only 5 percent report crimes .  a center for public integrity investigation shows schools often fail victims .  problem is lack of coordination and understanding of sexual assaults , experts say .  trust less and , if assaulted , find adult to protect your interests , former victims sa .
 obama looking to turn indiana blue <sec> democrats and the obama campaign see indiana in play .  the state carries 11 electoral college votes ; 270 needed to win the presidency .  obama campaign workers hitting the streets with their message .  many democrats and republican say obama will most likely come up shor .
 magnitude-6.4 earthquake hits off japan <sec> new : fukushima plant not damaged by saturday quake , broadcaster nhk reports .  6.4-magnitude earthquake strikes off coast of honshu , japan .  there are no immediate reports of injuries or damag .
 lavrov rejects cheney 's attack on russia <sec> russia rejects sharp criticism by u.s. vice president dick cheney .  foreign minister sergey lavrov says conflict may have isolated moscow .  lavrov backs away from allegations u.s. personnel were involved in comba .
 benitez takes over chelsea hot seat until the end of the season <sec> chelsea appoint rafael benitez as interim manager until end of the season .  benitez replaces the sacked roberto di matteo .  benitez has enjoyed success at valencia and liverpool .  di matteo departed after 3-0 defeat to juventus tuesda .
 milito to miss argentina 's crunch qualifiers <sec> argentina striker diego milito ruled out of the final two world cup qualifiers .  thigh injury means milito misses matches against peru and uruguay .  coach diego maradona names boca juniors forward martin palermo in squad .  argentina battling to qualify for next year 's finals in south afric .
 super-yacht market facing a storm <sec> the super-yacht industry is believed to be worth £350 million in the uk .  sales of large super-yachts are steady while the smaller yacht market is softening .  super-yacht owners can make money by chartering or sharing their vessel .
 cbs reporter lara logan : i feared a 'torturous death ' in egypt <sec> lara logan suffered a brutal sexual assault in egypt 's tahrir square .  `` the only thing to fight for , left to fight for , was my life , '' she says .  logan was rescued by a group of women and egyptian soldiers .  she says she is proud of breaking the silence around journalists and sexual violenc .
 hyperloop could be a reality <sec> elon musk released a white paper about hyperloop , a fast mode of transportation .  samuel staley : hyperloop may sound like science fiction , but it 's probably feasible .  he says economic hurdles may prove more important than the technological ones .  staley : hyperloop 's existence will depend a lot on what consumers are willing to pa .
 senna to replace heidfeld in belgium <sec> bruno senna will replace nick heidfeld for renault at the belgian grand prix .  bruno is the nephew of late formula legend ayrton senna .  the brazilian has not raced since the final grand prix of the 2010 seaso .
 crucial carriers : why low-cost carriers mean the world to asia <sec> low-cost carriers ( lcc ) are a major part of asia 's booming airline industry .  south korea 's jeju air has recorded a 960 % increase in profits over last year .  lccs have propelled japan 's once-stagnant domestic travel marke .
 echoes of the past : rhode island victims 'ca n't help but watch ' <sec> 100 concertgoers died in 2003 rhode island nightclub fire .  gina russo lost her fiance in the blaze and was seriously burned .  dave kane 's 18-year-old son was the youngest victim .  more than 200 people have been killed in a club fire in southern brazil , authorities sa .
 united states downs ghana 2-1 in world cup thanks to brooks ' goal <sec> clint dempsey scored after 29 seconds and the united states led for the next 81 minutes .  ghana 's andre ayew tied the score at 1-1 .  john brooks , who started the match on the bench , scored the winning goal late o .
 valerie trierweiler tells magazine of francois hollande breakup <sec> valerie trierweiler tells paris match of impact of learning of her partner 's alleged affair .  french president francois hollande announced the couple 's split over the weekend .  hollande is allegedly having an affair with french actress julie gayet .  trierweiler says she will continue charity work even though she 's no longer first lad .
 desertification : how to stop the shifting sands <sec> desertification is fast becoming a global problem .  dust storms affect 400 million people in china each year .  large-scale projects like 'green walls ' are touted as one way to solve the problem .  others say that sustainable and careful local land management is the best solutio .
 internet companies fight to release more information on nsa requests <sec> microsoft , google seek ok to tell customers what information nsa has gotten .  yahoo , facebook join request before foreign intelligence surveillance court .  companies say not reporting the information violates first amendment right .
 nfl 's tom brady , model gisele bundchen reportedly wed <sec> couple weds at a catholic church in santa monica , california , us weekly reports .  bride wears a dolce & gabbana gown ; her three dogs attend the ceremony .  she 's world 's highest-paid model ; he 's gone to the super bowl four time .
 dea tightens rules on hydrocodone combination pills <sec> hydrocodone combination pills , also known as opioids , are becoming schedule ii drugs .  the dea categorizes drugs into one of five `` schedules '' .  adderall and morphine among other drugs labeled as more restrictive schedule i .
 jfk assassination changed secret service <sec> the assassination of jfk set in motion a series of reforms to the secret service .  secret service today has 3,400 agents compared to 350 when jfk was assassinated .  the agency 's budget has increased from $ 5.5 million in 1963 to $ 1.6 billion over 50 years .  spokesman : `` as the threats change , the secret service has changed .
 fashion designer cole wants to inspire <sec> kenneth cole highlights public-spirited people in `` awearness '' .  fashion designer cole admires use of humor to leaven passion .  cole : fashion is relevant , even in tough time .
 afghan war remains 'absolutely essential , ' obama says <sec> president obama tells troops : `` those folks back home are relying on you '' .  obama and president hamid karzai discuss progress by the afghan government .  afghan authorities were notified of obama 's trip on thursday , white house says .  obama first traveled to afghanistan in 200 .
 ronaldo double as real madrid secure first league win <sec> real madrid beat granada 3-0 in santiago bernabeu .  cristiano ronaldo double before limping off in second half .  first league win of the spanish season for the champions .  barcelona edge valencia 1-0 in the camp nou to stay to .
 official : ukraine now in control of donetsk airport <sec> official : ukrainian forces continue to fight pro-russian rebels in the eastern ukraine city .  two people were killed in the fighting monday , the donetsk city council says .  the council warns residents not to leave their homes and says that transport is limited .  donetsk is west of the area where malaysia airlines flight 17 crashed thursda .
 white house pets : hippo , gator and 'satan ' <sec> barack obama promised puppy for girls ; past presidential pets have been strange .  what the heck ? .  first lady abigail adams had a dog named satan .  president harding 's dog gave `` interviews '' and had a seat at cabinet meetings .  original name of fdr 's dog : big boy ; president grant had fighting gamecock .
 central african republic president flees capital amid violence <sec> new : rebel official : `` the central african republic has just opened a new page in its history '' .  new : u.n. offices are among the targets of looting , a spokeswoman says .  rebels seize control of capital of central african republic , official says .  president left bangui via the democratic republic of congo , an official say .
 mother of 'moors murder ' victim dies as police probe new lead <sec> new : mother 's death before she could find her son 's body is `` heartbreaking , '' lawyer says .  winnie johnson died the day after a new lead in her son 's case was revealed .  12-year-old keith bennett was a victim of notorious killer ian brady in 1964 .  brady admitted keith 's murder in 1987 but has not revealed the location of the bod .
 george zimmerman could bring $ 100k painting to your doorstep <sec> new : lister , who claims to be george zimmerman , says he will personally deliver art .  zimmerman artwork features american flag with words from pledge of allegiance .  zimmerman 's brother confirms the former neighborhood watchman painted the piece .  last month , zimmerman told a judge he was almost penniless , $ 2.5 million in deb .
 sex abuse trial opens for archdiocese official , priest <sec> monsignor william lynn is accused of covering up evidence of sexual abuse .  lynn served as the secretary for clergy under the former philadelphia archbishop .  a grand jury report accused the archdiocese of failing to investigate accusation .
 'kony 2012 ' director not on drugs or drinking , family says <sec> new : `` jason has never had a substance abuse or drinking problem , '' family says .  source : jason russell was picked up by police after running in the street in his underwear .  he has been hospitalized for `` exhaustion , dehydration and malnutrition , '' his nonprofit says .  russell has made a flurry of media appearances since the documentary went vira .
 co-hosts austria pay penalty against croatia <sec> croatia beat euro 2008 co-hosts austria 1-0 in opening group b match .  luka modric scores fourth-minute penalty after striker ivica olic is fouled .  austria battle back in the second half but miss a series of late chances .  croatia next play germany on thursday , while austria take on polan .
 thailand and cambodia to withdraw troops from around disputed temple <sec> thailand and cambodia agree to implement a court order on a disputed temple .  the deal follows clashes that displaced thousands and killed at least 20 .  the international court of justice order calls for both sides to withdraw troops .  the countries differ on whether territory around the temple is part of thailand or cambodi .
 why did security checks fail to spot explosives ? <sec> dutch authorities say normal security procedures were carried out .  authorities say they would not have picked up secreted powders or liquid .  secondary checks should pick up similar device .
 moms have power to curb violence <sec> peggy drexler : video of toya graham hitting son as she drags him from protests has raised questions . .  was she a hero ? .  abusive ? .  neither , she says ; she was a mom trying to steer her adolescent in a heated city conflict , and more moms need this kind of commitmen .
 10-man barca rally to see off sporting ; ibrahimovic fires rapid hat-trick for milan <sec> two late goals earn barcelona 3-1 win over sporting gijon .  real madrid can restore 10-point gap with with against espanyol on sunday .  ibrahimovic nets quickfire hat-trick for ac milan as juventus drop points against chiev .
 scores of copies of anne frank 's diary vandalized in tokyo libraries <sec> libraries in tokyo report vandalism targeting copies of famous holocaust account .  local media say at least 265 copies of the book have been damaged since january .  calling the situation `` shameful , '' the japanese government says police will investigate .  a u.s.-based jewish group calls the vandalism a `` hate campaign .
 couple gets most of $ 1 million reward in christopher dorner case <sec> reward was offered by city of los angeles , other towns , counties .  christopher dorner killed four people in february .  he died the same day he stole the couple 's car .  they called 911 , enabling police to track down the fugitiv .
 japan 'cautious ' as tsunami alert is canceled <sec> pacific tsunami warning center cancels alert for all nations .  tallest wave to hit japan measures 4 feet .  initial tsunami waves from chilean quake reach japan .  first wave strikes minami torishim .
 agent : michael vick signs with philadelphia eagles <sec> new : eagles head coach andy reid : i know some fans wo n't accept vick .  agent : vick to report to philadelphia eagles on friday .  nfl suspended vick in 2007 after pleading guilty in dogfighting case .  animal advocacy group in philadelphia says it is disappointed at signin .
 authorities : wife of warren jeffs flees church community <sec> the woman is receiving medical treatment in a shelter , authorities say .  warren jeffs led the fundamentalist church of jesus christ of latter-day saints .  he is serving a life-plus-20-year term for aggravated sexual conviction .
 swiss zoo kills neglected bear cub , will stuff it <sec> a brown bear cub will be stuffed and put on display , swiss zoo says .  `` cub 4 '' was killed after its mother neglected it and its father roughed it up .  dahlholzli zoo says children will be able to learn from cub 's story that `` nature can be cruel '' .  a danish zoo sparked outrage earlier this year by killing a giraffe and four lion .
 eyes to the sky : where the tallest skyscrapers of 2015 will be found <sec> 2014 has been a major year for new skyscrapers , but what is in the pipeline for 2015 ? .  major new projects will be completed in china , the uae , russia and the u.s . .  fast developing cities are at the forefront of some of the most ambitious architectural project .
 conference aims to take stock , recommit to afghanistan 's future <sec> diplomats and ngo leaders meet this week in germany to talk about afghanistan .  the conference is being led by afghan president hamid karzai .  afghanistan is facing many economic , security and political challenges .  the absence of pakistan from the conference looms larg .
 kids ' inaugural show draws top teen stars <sec> new : at concert , michelle obama urges young people to get involved now .  concert features the jonas brothers , miley cyrus , bow wow and demi lovato .  billy ray cyrus , keke palmer and usher make introductions .  did you miss the show ? .  it 's available later on disney.co .
 gabrielle giffords and mark kelly launch battle against gun lobby : no more 'fear ' <sec> new : giffords and kelly cite overall figure for gun deaths which includes suicides .  the two launched a political action committee to raise money to counter the gun lobby .  a connecticut lawmaker apologized for telling giffords to `` stay out '' .  giffords and kelly want background checks for private sales of firearm .
 your bff 'unfriended ' you -- now what ? <sec> author gets ditched on facebook by good friend and does n't know what to do .  people do n't feel as sorry for you with a friend breakup .  you ca n't blame your friend -- it 's not like you were in love .  like any other kind of relationship , friendships end but you have to go o .
 woods , scott and mcilroy paired together at u.s. open <sec> tiger woods , rory mcilroy and adam scott tee off together at next week 's u.s. open .  steve williams , alongside woods for 13 of his majors , now caddies for scott .  world no . .  1 woods is bidding to win his first major since the u.s. open in 200 .
 photos : musclemen : 'strength , power , pride ' <sec> photographer leonce raphael agbodjelou took portraits of west african bodybuilders .  leonce 's studio has become a crossroads for benin 's people .  view high-resolution photos of agbodjelou 's musclemen serie .
 gallery : mtv vma 's shocking style moments <sec> at the inaugural ceremony in 1984 , madonna attained instant superstar status .  britney and madonna teamed up ( along with christina aguilera ) in 2003 .  in 1999 , lil ' kim appeared in an extreme glittering purple ensembl .
 report : no excuse for violence in ferguson , obama says <sec> a number of businesses have boarded their doors and windows .  president barack obama says violence is contrary `` to who we are '' .  fbi sends extra personnel to the st. louis area , official says .  the ferguson police officer who and killed michael brown says he did nothing wron .
 who : h7n9 virus 'one of the most lethal seen so far ' <sec> new : first h7n9 bird flu case in taiwan has been reported , health officials say .  death toll from china 's bird flu outbreak 23 , with 110 infections -- includes one in taiwan .  who 's keiji fukuda warns h7n9 is one of 'the most lethal flu viruses we have seen so far ' .  authorities struggling to understand virus which is mild in some cases but lethal in other .
 how the gop used twitter to stretch election laws <sec> new : fec vice-chair : coordination rules are 'sadly murky ' .  laws ban outside groups from coordinating with campaigns .  gop and outside groups shared internal polling data on twitter accounts .  practices raises questions about whether election laws were broke .
 homeless stand in for lobbyists on capitol hill <sec> contracted line-holders stand for hours to ensure their clients get seats .  seats at hearings often only chance for lobbyists to get face time with legislators .  line-standers , some homeless , are paid anywhere from $ 11 to $ 35 an hour .  critics see practice as another way lobbyists are buying influence on capitol hil .
 opinion : what the pope left out about women <sec> alice l. laffey : pope francis says catholic church needs `` deep theology of women '' .  but she says many will accuse church of discrimination as long as it denies women priesthood .  she says jury still out : by some theological readings , women not precluded from priesthood .  laffey : his warm stance toward women in church bodes well for taking on issues of povert .
