 south carolina student becomes face of stimulus package <sec> student ty'sheoma bethea joins michelle obama for president 's speech .  bethea wrote a letter to lawmakers appealing for help rebuilding her school .  president obama has referenced school as example of needy infrastructure project .  south carolina 's poorly maintained schools have been a recurring issu .
 5 things to know about the celeb nude photo scandal <sec> the hacked list includes a-listers plus d-listers whose names you may not recognize .  celebs may take nude pics to send to partners when away at film shoots .  the hacker apparently took advantage of a now-fixed security flaw in apple 's icloud .  strong , hard-to-guess passwords and two-factor verfication can protect yo .
 kerry , netanyahu discuss iranian nuclear program in rome <sec> kerry : `` we will pursue a diplomatic initiative with eyes wide open '' .  `` iran must not have nuclear weapon capability , '' netanyahu emphasizes to kerry .  both say that not reaching a deal with iran would be better than agreeing to a bad deal .  they are discussing iran , syria , and the peace process with the palestinian .
 u.s. student , husband among dead in embassy attack in yemen <sec> susan el-baneh went to yemen a month ago for an arranged marriage .  el-baneh , a u.s. citizen , and husband died holding hands , brother says .  brother : `` [ terrorism ] touches everyone no matter who you are '' .  el-baneh , 18 , planned to return to high school in u.s. to graduat .
 'sister act ' actress carmen zapata dead at 86 <sec> zapata 's star on the hollywood walk of fame honors her work on the stage .  she was `` actress , translator , theater producer , and community leader '' .  zapata co-founded a theater group to promote bilingual stage productions .  she was 19 when she made her broadway debut in the chorus in `` oklahoma .
 pakistan test fires medium-range missile <sec> india carried out a test flight of a long-range nuclear-capable missile last week .  pakistan says it has launched a new version of a medium-range missile into the sea .  the test will strengthen the country 's `` deterrence abilities , '' the pakistani military says .  there have been positive signs in relations between islamabad and new delhi recentl .
 france coach slams players over strike <sec> new : france coach domenech describes players ' strike as `` unspeakably stupid '' .  french squad resumes training monday after boycotting sunday 's session .  french captain evra involved in training ground argument with fitness coach .  france face likely first round elimination from world cup on tuesda .
 metro rail bridge collapse kills 5 in india <sec> five killed , 15 injured when partially built bridge collapses in new delhi .  bridge was being built for city 's metro rail network .  collapse occurred when a metal beam supporting pillars gave way , official say .
 how al-assad used chemical weapons to poison debate on syria <sec> the syrian regime has poisoned the debate over intervention , writes nadim shehadi .  the u.s. would prefer president bashar al-assad to stay , he says .  the regime manipulates the mandates of u.n. weapons inspectors , writes shehadi .  he says , now is the time to look beyond the red herrings thrown at us by the regim .
 suit : arizona authorities shackled pregnant inmate <sec> miriam mendiola-martinez was arrested for using another identity to get a job .  she says she was shackled while in labor and afterward in maricopa county custody .  she says she was also shackled while recovering from a c-sectio .
 was romney 's trip 'a great success ' or gaffe-filled disaster ? <sec> romney 's camp says trip successful , getting good reviews .  but gop candidate troubled by gaffes , controversy in europe and mideast .  tensions between campaign , press overheat during last stop in polan .
 driverless vehicles : end of the road for the trucker ? <sec> vehicles being developed that can automatically steer , brake , accelerate , and change lanes .  google , daimler and nissan are a few of the firms testing this technology .  driverless trucks could aid businesses by running around the cloc .
 tour de france tainted by third drug scandal <sec> italian riccardo ricco is kicked out of the tour de france after a positive test .  the 24-year-old climber becomes third rider to be ejected after testing for epo .  he joins spain 's moises duenas nevado and manuel beltran in being remove .
 ronaldo goes from hero to zero as bayern beat madrid <sec> bayern munich will play chelsea in the champions league final .  the german team lost to real madrid 2-1 , but drew 3-3 on aggregate .  the match went to penalties ; ronaldo missed madrid 's first .  bayern won through 3-2 and will enjoy home advantage in the fina .
 when can we talk to aliens ? ( opinion ) <sec> nasa scientists discuss steps to discover life elsewhere in the universe over the next two decades .  meg urry : life elsewhere in the universe , and even elsewhere in our own milky way galaxy , is practically inevitable .  but the chances that we can communicate with that life are slim , she write .
 hearings begin in uk iraq war inquiry <sec> hearings begin in uk iraq inquiry to determine legality of the iraq war .  promised to be the most thorough investigation into britain 's involvement in the war .  hearings will be televised after initial plans for closed-door sessions were criticised .  former prime minister tony blair will be called to testif .
 firefight in sirte , fighting fire in tripoli <sec> new : one dead , 12 injured in tripoli fire at a naval fuel storage facility .  nato carried out bombing campaign on sirte from saturday into sunday .  anti-gadhafi fighters claim progress in fight against sirte 's gadhafi loyalists .  ntc fighters suffer 30 injuries in the offensiv .
 obama signs bill to end partial shutdown , stave off debt ceiling crisis <sec> federal workers can expect to return to work thursday morning .  most house republicans vote against budget bill , but it still passes .  asked whether there will be a similar crisis in a few months , obama flatly says , `` no '' .  the shutdown began on october 1 ; u.s. borrowing authority expires on thursda .
 clemens , pettitte named in baseball steroid report <sec> new : sen. george mitchell will be asked to testify on capitol hill tuesday .  players ' union : reputations have been adversely affected , probably forever .  attorney : roger clemens `` vehemently denies '' allegations in the report .  baseball commissioner : `` the report is a call to action , and i will act .
 james hunter keeps soul alive <sec> james hunter known for old-school r & b recordings .  british guitarist has earned raves , but still no big-time success .  hunter admits that he 's trying to combine contemporary lyrics with old soun .
 next global warming worry : thawing tundra <sec> natalie boelman : arctic sea at lowest extent recorded , affecting earth 's ability to cool .  but , she says , change to sea 's neighboring tundra ecosystem is also a big global-warming worry .  the tundra locks up carbon in frozen soils ; when they thaw , huge amounts released .  boelman : tundra also a vast habitat ; thawing will have far-reaching effects around glob .
 woods romps to seven-shot victory at firestone <sec> tiger woods wins wgc-bridgestone invitational .  finishes seven shots clear of chasers .  eighth victory at the tournament in ohio .  pga championship starts thursday at oak hil .
 internet providers to begin warning customers who pirate content <sec> a new warning system will let people know they are illegally downloading content .  first , the internet providers will try to educate people about how to get content legally .  customers could eventually face punishments such as a slowed internet connection .  the copyright alert system has been four years in the makin .
 yemen airline cancels route after comoros crash <sec> teenage girl only person to survive plane crash off comoros islands .  french , u.s. divers are helping to search for debris and bodies from the plane .  the plane 's data recorders have yet to be found , yemeni authorities sa .
 opinion : women behaving badly in linkedin drama <sec> job seeker posts sarcastic , mean reply from marketer and it goes viral .  peggy drexler : marketer was wrong but young jobseeker was wrong to post it .  drexler : young women need mentors , and marketer failed to help her .  drexler : posting on social media to humiliate someone is a form of bullyin .
 american doctor rescued in afghanistan : thank you <sec> dr. dilip joseph and two others were abducted december 5 in eastern kabul province .  the two were released and joseph was freed in a raid .  a seal was slain in the rescue effort .  two local afghan leaders say smugglers were responsible ; isaf blames the taliba .
 arafat 's widow wants body exhumed after test for radioactivity <sec> a stain contained higher levels of polonium-210 than a typical sample , a scientist says .  the test results do not necessarily mean arafat was poisoned , the scientist says .  `` there is sufficient evidence '' yasser arafat was killed , plo official says .  use of polonium-210 as a poison `` does seem a bit of a stretch , '' toxicologist say .
 passenger hospitalized in new jersey is ebola-free <sec> a state official says patient was released and did not have ebola .  the passenger arrived in newark monday after recent travel to an `` ebola-affected country '' .  the patient was at hackensack university medical cente .
 man shot and killed at houston 's bush intercontinental airport <sec> new : ireporter interviews man who heard two shots , then two more .  police say man was confronted by agent from homeland security .  autopsy will determine cause of death , police say .  mcdonald 's employee tells cnn affiliate she heard two shots , began to ru .
 champion adam scott paired with jason dufner at masters <sec> reigning champion adam scott paired with jason dufner at masters .  playing alongside scott and dufner is u.s . .  amateur champ matthew fitzpatrick .  rory mcilroy plays with jordan spieth and patrick reed in opening two rounds .  major winners phil mickelson , ernie els and justin rose are paired togethe .
 parish official : bp shipped in workers for president 's visit <sec> new : company hired to provide cleanup crews says it got order to beef up 5 days ago .  new : `` no , i did not '' add workers for the president , boss tells radio station .  bp beefed up cleanup workers just for obama visit , local official says .  workers left when president left , parish councilman says .  bp denies allegations : 'it 's not associated with the president arriving .
 after newtown , the nra goes silent <sec> three days after fatal school shooting in connecticut , the nra remains silent online .  national rifle association has n't tweeted since friday 's killings .  the nra 's facebook page has been deactivated .  social media expert : nra 's silence is a missed opportunity to have a dialogue on gun .
 protect voter gains of 'bloody sunday ' <sec> on march 7 , 1965 , civil rights marchers were beaten by police in selma , alabama .  the protests helped lead to passage of the voting rights act .  donna brazile says minority voters still face obstacles to casting their ballots .  brazile : voter registration should be modernized ; early voting should be available to al .
 7 resolutions that yoga can help you keep past january <sec> yoga is a useful tool to help keep new year 's resolutions .  it can offer a way to stay in shape , make new friends , sleep better and travel mor .
 chileans angry over peru general 's 'body bag ' remark <sec> video surfaced on youtube last week of peruvian general 's anti-chile remarks .  gen. edwin donayre said chileans in peru would go home in coffins or body bags .  donayre made the remarks in a toast at a party in 2006 or 2007 , cnn affiliate reports .  peru 's president tells chile the remarks do not reflect peruvian polic .
 nigeria postpones parliamentary election <sec> the election commission chairman apologizes for the delay .  he says voting materials were late arriving from a vendor .  nigerians will vote on monday instea .
 protests after greek state broadcaster goes off air <sec> new : greek unions call for a general strike thursday in support of ert workers .  thousands demonstrate against the government 's decision to pull state broadcaster off air .  government spokesman cites corruption and mismanagement of funds as reasons for action .  a new radio and tv broadcaster will be set up with fewer staff , government say .
 iconic joe paterno out in sex abuse scandal fallout <sec> new : paterno was fired wednesday night .  new : for penn state , the fallout `` remains inestimable '' .  prosecutors say paterno met his obligations .  paterno reported an alleged 2002 incident involving sandusky to his bos .
 jury selection begins in case of boy killed in 1979 <sec> pedro hernandez is accused of killing 6-year-old etan patz in 1979 .  hernandez confessed , but his attorneys say his low iq and mental issues make confession invalid .  a judge ruled in november that the confession was admissible in cour .
 granderson : a boy named 'messiah ' ? <sec> lz granderson : parents are entitled to name their children as they choose .  a magistrate renamed a child whose mother had named `` messiah '' .  granderson says the ruling will be overturned on appeal and was a waste of tax dollars .  lz : parents should think about consequences of names they choos .
 clinton aims to bolster support for iraq 's government on gulf trip <sec> clinton says more governments should seek relationships with iraq .  she plans to push that point at a meeting thursday in qatar , she says .  clinton 's trip also includes stops in oman , the united arab emirates and yemen .  the secretary of state says that the arizona attack is an example of `` extremism .
 west virginia water officials study test results after chemical spill <sec> gov . .  earl ray tomblin says he can see light at the end of the tunnel .  10 people have been admitted to hospitals , none in serious or critical condition .  a chemical used to clean coal has polluted water in southwestern part of the state .  so far only a few people have been hospitalized , but 300,000 ca n't use tap wate .
 retrial begins on life or death sentence for arias <sec> new : defense lawyer says arias had abusive childhood , personality disorder .  new : prosecutor describes the bloody slaying in a bathroom .  a 12-0 vote by jury is required to execute arias by lethal injection .  this means arias ' lawyers need to convince only one juror to support a life sentenc .
 fed wordplay is no game for markets <sec> bernanke took a softer tone to reassure wall street that the fed was still providing the necessary backstop .  as of june , the u.s. unemployment rate was 7.6 % , and fed officials expect it to fall to around 7.25 % .  ecb has been reluctant to implement a fully-fledged quantitative easing progra .
 opinion : dr. oz suit is another reason people hate lawyers <sec> dean obeidallah : dr. oz being sued by n.j. man who burned his feet on rice in socks .  obeidallah says oz 's rice sleep aid suggestion gave rapacious lawyers chance to pounce .  he says lawyers seeking quick buck take such cases , settle them , give bad name to lawyers .  obeidallah : frivolous suits boost call for tort reform , hurt lawyers in end , and also injured peopl .
 gates open to more troops in afghanistan , if necessary <sec> defense secretary would consider it if u.s. commander says he needs more .  gen. stanley mcchrystal preparing review of operation for gates .  still , secretary gates said , any amount over 68,000 approved would not be much .  wants low u.s. profile in afghanistan , chance to see if 68,000 is enoug .
 america 's best small town comebacks <sec> once down on their luck , these historic towns have become attractions again .  coronado , california , has more than just its famous namesake hotel going for it .  in frederick , maryland , it 's hard to believe carroll creek park was originally a flood-control project .  new iberia , louisiana 's , renaissance has yielded a great american main street awar .
 rebecca francis giraffe photo causes storm <sec> rebecca francis ' photo with a giraffe was shared by ricky gervais .  francis was threatened on twitter for the picture .  francis , a hunter , said the giraffe was `` close to death '' and became food for local .
 mom , infant killed by tennessee tornado <sec> new : parents in hallway with baby in car seat when tornado hit murfreesboro .  mother died , father found two houses away when tornado hit .  tornado hit mena , arkansas , on thursday ; 3 people confirmed dea .
 tank storing radioactive waste leaking in washington <sec> leak is in the range of 150 to 300 gallons per year .  it poses no immediate risk to public health , says the state governor .  hanford site once played a major part in u.s. plutonium productio .
 feds : regional carrier , not crew , at fault in plane 's tarmac stranding <sec> continental passengers were stuck on airplane nearly six hours .  secretary lahood calls incident a `` nightmare , '' says crew did all it could .  regional airline mesaba was only one that could have helped , feds say .  mesaba says it disagrees with feds ' findings , offered to hel .
 tech giants : how we did it <sec> cnn will host a tweetchat about tech startups in africa .  special guests include juliana rotich , erik hersman and rebecca enonchong .  follow # cnnafrica on twitter on wednesday , january 14 at 15:00 gm .
 virtually all internet service in syria shut down , group says <sec> new : more than 90 % internet access blocked , renesys says .  new : u.s . .  ambassador to syria says communications gear given to syrians to get around blocks .  rebels claim to have shot down three government aircraft in 24 hours .  turkey formally requests patriot missiles from nat .
 a tiny roomba for your phone and tablet <sec> automee is a tiny roomba-like cleaning device for smartphones and tablets .  it automatically buffs your touchscreen clean using sensors to avoid falling off edges .  the device will be available in japan at the end of marc .
 wounded officer highest-ranking to be injured in iraq <sec> pentagon : brig . .  gen. jeffrey dorko injured by a roadside bomb .  sources : dorko suffered shrapnel wounds and has been evacuated to germany .  iraqi army frees seven of eight abducted sheikhs in raid , iraqi official says .  bicyclist bombs baquba police base , killing 28 , wounding 2 .
 norway victims ' families visit island shooting scene <sec> new : breivik called police from the shooting scene but they were unable to call him back .  anders breivik must stay in isolation in case he tampers with evidence , judge says .  breivik says isolation is `` boring , monotonous and a sadistic method of torture '' .  he is accused of carrying out twin attacks a month ago that killed 7 .
 glimmer of hope for endangered butterfly <sec> researchers are caring for caterpillars of endangered species .  the schaus swallowtail butterfly has declined in numbers .  it lives only in a small area within south florida , mostly on small islands .  university of florida entomologist is caring for caterpillar .
 car bomb in pakistan kills 12 , injures 32 <sec> new : about 200,00 people live at the camp . .  the camp houses internally displaced people from northwestern pakistan .  an estimated 30-35 kilograms of explosives were used in the car bomb .  militants have a strong presence in the region , which borders afghanistan .
 bush opens up on struggle with alcohol abuse <sec> president bush discussed gains in the war on drug abuse .  `` there 's still work to do in america , but we are making progress , '' bush says .  he opened up about his own troubles with alcohol .  bush : `` some days are happy . .  some days are not so happy .
 south africa judge lifts travel ban on oscar pistorius <sec> new : pistorius could run at the moscow world championships if he qualifies , iaaf says .  judge : there 's no reason why pistorius should n't be able to travel overseas to compete .  magistrate did not include ban on pistorius going home in formal bail order , judge says .  pistorius is charged with murdering his girlfriend , reeva steenkam .
 the shock jock and australia 's 'ju-liar ' <sec> popular australian shock jock alan jones in clash with prime minister .  just days after gillard 's father 's death , jones said he had `` died of shame '' .  advertisers pulling funding from jones ' radio show , online campaign calls for his sacking .  commentators say outrage may give gillard an unexpected boost in the poll .
 florida 's effort to exhume school graves is challenged <sec> county officials want to block florida from exhuming graves at a former reform school .  they cite concerns over who 's going to pay for it .  the move has upset families who have waited decades to properly bury their loved ones .  university researchers recently found evidence of about 50 bodies buried at the sit .
 report : janice dickinson accuses bill cosby of rape <sec> bill cosby 's attorney calls ex-supermodel 's claim of being raped `` a fabricated lie '' .  janice dickinson tells `` entertainment tonight '' that cosby drugged , raped her in 1982 .  cosby has repeatedly said sexual assault allegations against him are untrue .  dickinson alleges the assault occurred after cosby gave her a pill and a glass of win .
 regis philbin announces date for his last 'live ' episode <sec> the 80-year-old co-host will tape his last episode of the syndicated talk show on november 18 .  back in january , the television icon officially announced that he would be stepping down from `` live ! '' .  no new co-host has yet been named for philbin 's right-hand woman kelly rip .
