 boston bombing victim krystle campbell `` was not alone when she died '' <sec> nurse stephen segatore gave bombing victim cpr , but `` wounds were too great '' .  later segatore realized the woman was krystle campbell , one of three fatalities .  segatore would like to speak with campbell 's parents about her last moment .
 in twitterville , the details of your life do matter <sec> shel israel is the author of a new book about how to get the most out of twitter .  israel says tweeting about mundane details can help build meaningful relationships .  who you follow on twitter is more important than who follows you , he says .  israel : twitter is ushering in a two-directional , conversational era of marketin .
 how to 'take over ' a brain <sec> leonard mlodinow : in 2013 , `` optogenetics '' is the technology to watch out for .  mlodinow : imagine being able to turn neurons in a brain on and off from the outside .  he says optogenetics can be used to gain insights on diseases , mental illnesses .  mlodinow : it will change the way we understand ourselves as human being .
 africa 's super telescopes 'will inspire science boom ' <sec> funding astronomy and science in africa could promote economic growth .  south african government to invest $ 26 million in astronomy over five years .  south african large telescope is largest single optical telescope in the hemisphere .  in october , ethiopia opened its first observator .
 'angry birds ' gets western-themed update <sec> `` angry birds '' just got 30 new levels with a chance to find one more .  title of the new western-themed episode is `` ham 'em high '' .  clue to be found in super bowl game unlocks a secret leve .
 late klose goal ends bayern win drought <sec> miroslav klose scores only goal to give bayern munich a 1-0 win at karlsruhe .  klose 's 86th minute strike is enough to end german champions ' win drought .  hoffenheim top of table with flurry of late goals to seal a 5-2 victory at hanove .
 karzai : u.s. must have patience if afghanistan not ready <sec> new : `` proof is in the pudding '' on afghan reform promises , hillary clinton says .  `` we will try our best '' to be ready to take over security in 2011 , karzai says .  president obama has said u.s. troops will start leaving afghanistan in 2011 .  afghan president says obama timeline is a goal , not `` an exit announcement .
 penelope cruz joins cast of `` zoolander 2 '' <sec> ben stiller announces that penelope cruz will join cast of `` zoolander 2 '' .  `` zoolander 2 '' is scheduled for release in 201 .
 aerosmith cancels rest of tour <sec> lead singer steven tyler fell off stage during south dakota show last week .  he broke his shoulder and received stitches to his head ; doctors advise rest .  fall was second mishap for tyler during aerosmith 's tour with zz top .  band says refunds will be issued for all canceled show .
 transcript : cnn interviews angelina jolie <sec> angelina jolie visits iraq to boost efforts to help internally displaced refugees .  actress tells cnn : `` there does n't seem to be real coherent plan to help them '' .  jolie is goodwill ambassador for u.n. high commissioner for refugees .  more than 4.2 million iraqis have fled homes , 2 million to neighboring state .
 giant baby born in indonesia <sec> baby weighing 19.2 pounds ( 8.7 kg ) born in indonesia .  baby is three times the typical size of a newborn infant .  doctor who delivered baby : `` i was very surprised . .  i thought it was twins .
 lines drawn over census results <sec> 2010 census determines number of congressional districts per state .  if the number of districts a state has changes , lines must be redrawn .  lawmakers have been accused of drawing districts in order to create political gains .  top concern should be counting everyone , former census bureau director say .
 spotted owl could be game-changer in tombstone water war <sec> volunteer shovel brigade heads to hills to fix tombstone water line by hand .  pipeline damaged by fire and monsoon rains lies in protected wilderness area .  forest service wo n't let city use heavy equipment , citing presence of mexican spotted owl .  in washington , tombstone 's cause has found a champion in arizona congressma .
 antarctica hits 63 degrees , believed to be a record <sec> high temperatures are recorded on the northern tip of the antarctica peninsula .  the world meteorological organization will make the final determinatio .
 female exec to working moms : 'i 'm sorry ' <sec> katharine zaleski said she judged working moms before she became one .  her online essay has sparked widespread discussion on social media .  zaleski co-founded power to fly , which matches stay-at-home moms with technical job .
 'desperate housewives ' trial sequel set for september <sec> actress nicollette sheridan sued the show 's creator and abc for wrongful termination .  she claims her firing was in retaliation for complaining she was struck by show 's creator .  first trial ended with the jury was deadlocked at 8-4 , in favor of the actress .  juror says she questioned credibility of abc 's witnesse .
 bradley manning 's gender identity comes up in testimony <sec> new : testimony is scheduled to resume sunday morning .  bradley was breanna during some online chats , agent testifies .  manning kept a folder of articles about gender identity disorder , agent says .  the army private is accused of leaking classified document .
 craig hicks may face death in muslim students ' killing <sec> hicks is charged in the deaths of three muslim college students in chapel hill , north carolina .  victims ' family members have called on authorities to investigate the slayings as a hate crim .
 australian commando killed in afghan fight <sec> taliban militants kill australian commando in southern afghanistan .  he was shot during operation to clear taliban bomb making facility in uruzgan .  this is the fourth australian soldier to die in the conflict in afghanistan .  several militants killed and a coalition troop injured in other fighting in southeas .
 what are the charges against john edwards ? <sec> a jury in greensboro , north carolina , is deliberating six counts against edwards .  allegations are that he accepted illegal contributions and falsified documents .  also prosecutors contend that he conspired to receive and conceal the contributions .  edwards is a former u.s. senator from north carolina and former presidential candidat .
 federal appeals court says highways ' crosses are unconstitutional <sec> in utah , 14 large crosses on public roads honor fallen state troopers .  an atheists ' group successfully sued to have the crosses removed from public land .  a federal appeals court panel agreed in a ruling on wednesday .  the panel said the crosses could be seen as `` government endorsement of christianity .
 how cnn 's global wage calculator was put together <sec> the international labor organization compiles the average wage of the world .  the data comes with important caveats , including how many people are `` employees '' .  global wages are compared by converting into `` purchasing power parity '' dollars .  this shows how much your earnings buy you compared to someone earning in the u.s .
 'intellectually disabled ' man set for execution <sec> warren lee hill was convicted of murdering a girlfriend and a fellow inmate .  hill has iq of `` approximately 70 , '' his attorney says .  in georgia , inmates must prove intellectual disability `` beyond a reasonable doubt .
 opinion : how putin carries out power grab <sec> agnia grigas : vladimir putin has made effective use of his `` compatriot '' policy .  it enables russia to gain territory in areas where ethnic russians and russian speakers live .  she says crimea is a place where russia can claim it was acting for `` compatriots '' .  grigas : other nations in russia 's neighborhood should pay attentio .
 study finds tva vulnerable to hacking <sec> a hacker could disrupt tennessee valley authority system , causing blackouts .  tva supplies power to almost 9 million americans .  congress was told 75 percent of utilities fixed problems to combat attacks .  representative : no clear picture of how vulnerable utilities are to cyber attack .
 the secrets of spider silk <sec> cheryl hayashi : spiders spin many different kinds of silk .  some are among the strongest materials on earth .  there are 40,000 species of spiders and each spins at least one kind of silk .  she says researchers are working on ways to use lessons from spider silk to engineer new material .
 obama signs $ 7.5 billion pakistan aid bill <sec> new : aid bill signed on same day militants launch a string of attacks in pakistan .  new : five attacks kill at least 30 police officers and civilians , authorities say .  obama `` impressed by ... courageous actions that the pakistani military has taken '' .  some pakistanis accuse u.s. of trying to meddle in pakistan 's civilian , military affair .
 israel demolishes homes as killers ' families pay price for terror attacks <sec> in the wake of several terror attacks , israel revives policy of demolishing perpetrators ' homes .  israel says the policy may save lives by providing a disincentive to commit attacks .  palestinians say the demolitions are a counterproductive measure that will only make tensions wors .
 reports : released animals in ohio charged deputies <sec> county sheriff 's office releases reports about what happened in zanesville , ohio .  deputies came face to face with dangerous animals .  owner terry thompson cut their cages and then killed himself .  the deputies said they were ordered to `` neutralize '' the animals on the prow .
 branson opens doors to spaceship <sec> billionaire entrepreneur richard branson unveils spacecraft .  media and prospective space-ride tourists get a peek at spaceshiptwo .  virgin galactic has deposits from 300 people toward $ 200,000 tickets .  branson says the first flight into space will launch in 2011 in new mexic .
 study : new moms may let their health slip <sec> new mothers tend to let their health slip while devoting all of their time to the new baby .  the mothers in the study averaged about 400 calories more per day than other women .  for the mothers , less exercise and less-healthy diets added up to a higher bm .
 drugs killed drew barrymore 's half-sister , coroner says <sec> jessica barrymore , 47 , was found dead in her vehicle on july 29 .  she had methamphetamine , alcohol , methadone , tramadol and nordiazepam in her system .  jessica and drew barrymore are both daughters of actor john drew barrymor .
 displaced pakistanis crowd camps as they flee fighting <sec> tens of thousands flee south to escape conflict between military and taliban .  refugee camps for the displaced are cropping up across northwest pakistan .  latest exodus is exacerbating humanitarian crisis , u.n. says .  tensions have been building in jalozai camp in western pakista .
 drone strike kills son of militant linked to taliban , al qaeda <sec> muhammad haqqani , son of jalaluddin haqqani , killed in pakistan , sources say .  haqqani network considered significant threat to u.s. forces in afghanistan .  u.s. refuses to comment on drone strike .
 opinion : can memories be bought ? <sec> big-name athletes are cashing in on old uniforms and balls to the tune of a lot of money .  bob greene : is it possible to buy the warmth of recollection in a cash transaction ? .  he recalls some of his sports heroes who gave him something beyond price : their time .  greene : the best memories in life , the most enduring , are nontransferable , never for sal .
 expert : needle in sandwich as likely as 'aliens landing in nebraska ' <sec> airlines and caterers have shared few details about food inspection on planes .  airline catering usually spot tested , expert says .  expert : isolated , one-off incidents such as recent delta episode are difficult to preven .
 kurdish men in drag promote feminism in region <sec> masoud fathi launched the kurd men for equality facebook campaign in kurdish area of iran .  the campaign was at once a pro-feminist and anti-iranian regime statement .  the kurdish community still has honor killings and genital mutilation according to experts .  hollywood actress rosario dawson said to be a supporter of the campaig .
 police : mass . rape suspect on national crime spree <sec> gregory lewis , 26 , is wanted in a violent crime spree spanning several states .  he was arrested august 5 on felony child rape charges , then freed on bail .  police : he later cut off gps monitoring bracelet , drove off in parents ' jee .
 australia warns citizens about terror threats in indonesia <sec> umar patek is accused of being part of attack in bali that killed 203 people .  patek reportedly was arrested in pakistan on march 2 .  indonesia official says he does not know why australia issued the warnin .
 police : wisconsin man killed by officer was not armed <sec> tony robinson , 19 , was unarmed when an officer killed him , police chief says .  officer has been involved in a fatal shooting on duty in 2007 , chief says .  robinson had a prior conviction for armed robber .
 cnn student news learning activity : hispanic heritage month <sec> students will investigate how hispanic americans have contributed to u.s. culture .  students will identify opportunities and challenges that exist for hispanics in americ .
 nigeria 's chibok girls : what 's happening ? <sec> nigeria 's claim of a truce with boko haram raised hopes for release of kidnapped girls .  but boko haram 's leader abubakar shekau issued a video denying any ceasefire .  shekau said he did not know the negotiator claiming to represent boko haram .  the girls kidnapped from chibok , he said , had converted to islam and been married of .
 thousands protest romanian austerity measures <sec> about 5,000 protesters burned effigies outside parliament in bucharest .  protesters demonstrating against planned government budget cuts .  1,000 romanian policemen tried to stop the crowds entering the buildin .
 spirit airlines , pilots reach tentative agreement <sec> spirit airlines will resume operations friday , company 's website says .  pilots ' union official says deal reached wednesday afternoon .  spirit 's 440 pilots walked off job saturday after ongoing dispute over pay .  customers left to scramble for other arrangement .
 france to send battalion to afghanistan <sec> french move will help nato meet canada 's kandahar commitment .  canada agreed to extend commitment as long as other nato members helped .  the bulk of recent fighting has been done by u.s. , canadian , uk and dutch troop .
 hundreds of taliban occupy afghan villages <sec> afghan officials : hundreds of taliban fighters occupy villages outside kandahar city .  nato and afghan forces redeployed to meet the threat .  advance into villages comes less than a week after hundreds of fighters escaped jai .
 russian bookmakers offer 100,000 euros for paul the octopus <sec> company says 100,000 euros is its starting price .  the co-owner says the bid has been received and is being studied .  the firm representing the sea life center in germany says offer was declined .  paul correctly predicted spain 's win in the world cu .
 somali islamist militia defends recruiting teen soldiers <sec> al-shabaab says islam considers people to be adults at the age of 15 .  the somalia islamists are responding to human rights watch criticism .  the group says al-shabaab is using children as young as 10 as cannon fodder .  somalia 's government denies intentionally recruiting child soldier .
 gunmen rape 6 tourists near acapulco , mexico <sec> military checkpoints have since been set up in an effort to apprehend five men .  the victims are spanish nationals between ages 20 and 34 .  investigators have cordoned off the area surrounding the bungalow .  the house is located in an open area with limited security in playa encantada , east of acapulc .
 electric 'multicopter ' takes to the sky <sec> the german-made `` multicopter '' has made its first manned flight .  it is powered by 16 small rotor blades , fueled by lithium batteries .  creators say finished model could be used as an air tax .
 battersea power station and the renovation debate <sec> as part of the battersea power station renovation , the chimneys will be knocked down then rebuilt .  malaysian developers are funding the station 's transformation into offices and luxury villas .  the power station has ignited debate on how iconic buildings should be maintaine .
 how did florida 's candidates for governor rate ? <sec> viewers reacted in real-time using microsoft 's bing pulse technology .  democrats , independents stayed together in their opinions .  republicans voted more neutrally during the debat .
 quinto talks about producing the new comedy 'breakup at a wedding ' <sec> zachary quinto has produced a new film .  `` breakup at a wedding '' is a nuptials-themed comedy .  quinto says his production company is focused on innovative storytellin .
 mexican troops take control of key port <sec> the mexican military has taken control of the port of lazaro cardenas .  the port , on the country 's pacific coast , is one of the busiest in mexico .  the goal of the operation is to thwart smuggling and corruptio .
 murray ends marathon match to seal wimbledon last eight slot <sec> britain 's andy murray books wimbledon quarterfinal slot with victory over marin cilic .  no . .  4 seed wins 7-5 6-2 6-3 in rain affected match and will now face spain 's david ferrer .  ferrer beats juan martin del potro 6-3 6-2 6-3 under the roof on centre court .  german pair philipp kohlschreiber and florian mayer both make it through to last eigh .
 fdr 's grandson : protect social security , do n't gut it <sec> jim roosevelt , grandson of fdr , wants social security to thrive well into the future .  he says americans today have far less reason to fear living out their final years in poverty .  this week marks the program 's 79th anniversar .
 queen gears up for tribute tour 'extravaganza ' <sec> the queen extravaganza tribute tour will kick off on may 26 .  roger taylor and brian may will also play five queen shows in europe with adam lambert .  the extravaganza will also be quite the visual spectacl .
 stolen british olympic medal returned in mail <sec> one of two olympic medals stolen from a london nightclub has been recovered .  hannah macleod 's bronze medal was mailed anonymously to england hockey .  the medals were taken early wednesday following a royal reception .  the athletes had left the medals in the pockets of their unattended jacket .
 authorities : mother , child reunited after father took her to mexico <sec> cara cox was 8 years old when she and her father vanished from deltona , florida , in 2009 .  cara was listed as missing ; her father , aaron cox , was charged with child custody interference .  for years , there were `` no viable leads '' in the case , but a break came last week , police say .  on friday , u.s. authorities arrested cox and recovered cara in a remote area in mexic .
 inside fort hood center , where horror unfolded <sec> cnn 's larry shaughnessy had assignment at fort hood in june .  visit focused on efforts to help soldiers cope with stress , mental health problems .  shaughnessy likens the soldier readiness center to a busy dmv .  watch a cnn investigation on the shootings at saturday 8 p.m . .  et on cnn t .
 exiled iranian human rights lawyer speaks out <sec> mostafaei defended juveniles facing death penalty in iran .  fled the country after being interrogated for hours in iran 's evin prison .  angered iran officials by speaking out in defense of mother sentenced to stoning .  currently in oslo after being released under norwegian government protectio .
 want to go global ? put mobile first <sec> tablet sales are predicted to surpass pcs , laptops by 2015 , says gartner .  yet 60 % of businesses will not have a mobile strategy in place by 2014 .  firms must have 'mobile first ' strategy if they wish to go global , writes nic newma .
 border detention of children shames america <sec> ruben navarrette : detention of children from central america at border is beneath u.s . .  he says immigration officials keep them in inhumane conditions or bus them to arizona .  navarrette : nativists are wrong to say it 's part of an obama amnesty plan .  he says u.s. has a right to protect its borders , but this is unconscionabl .
 falling into the tourist trap <sec> some of most iconic global tourist attractions are most disappointing to visit .  the eiffel tower , the statue of liberty and the pyramids on the list .  the treasury in the ancient city of petra in jordan voted the best place to visi .
