 duvalier 's millions in switzerland likely to return to haiti <sec> new : duvalier 's lawyer says `` all that money '' has been given for haitian relief .  a new swiss law will ease repatriation of funds .  a government lawyer in haiti says the money will never go back to duvalier .  jean-claude duvalier may be charged in haiti for pillaging state coffer .
 anti-government protester leader shot to death in thailand <sec> police : anti-government protesters had blocked a voting station and shut it down .  they encountered government supporters and exchanged verbal assaults .  it 's unclear who killed protest leader suthin thararin , police said .  protesters have been calling for prime minister yingluck shinawatra to step dow .
 assad forces fire scud missiles in syria , u.s. officials say <sec> syrian forces have fired at least four scud missiles inside syria , u.s. officials say .  fighting wednesday killed 113 people , including 15 children , an opposition group says .  an opposition leader calls for the u.s. to rescind its terrorist designation of al-nusra .  russia 's foreign minister questions the u.s. decision to recognize the rebel coalitio .
 venezuela announces takeover of u.s. glass-making plants <sec> owens-illinois owns two glass-manufacturing plants in venezuela .  the company said it had not received official word from venezuela yet .  venezuelan soldiers were at one of the plants , a company spokeswoman sai .
 the writer : an overnight success , 15 years later <sec> j.c. chandor has an oscar nomination for `` margin call '' screenplay .  script attracted name actors , but it was hard to get financing , he says .  movie concerns wall street firm holding bad paper at risk of going unde .
 help for storm victims in the southeast <sec> severe weather slammed four states monday morning .  the red cross and salvation army are providing food and shelter .  alabama tornado animals is helping reunite lost pets with their families .  samaritan 's purse is coordinating volunteers to help clean u .
 15 of the world 's most spectacular fountains <sec> chicago 's crown fountain uses leds to display videos .  south korea is home to both the world 's longest bridge fountain and the world 's tallest indoor fountain .  the bellagio 's fountains in las vegas sit on an eight-acre lake and include a network of 1,200 nozzle .
 study : weight-loss drug ups risk of heart attack , stroke in some <sec> those with a history of heart disease who take meridia may be at high risk of heart attack .  the fda is scheduled to meet this month to discuss increased regulation for meridia .  the study showed a 28 percent increased heart attack risk and a 36 percent increased stroke ris .
 which groups are under threat by isis in iraq ? <sec> nearly 40,000 yazidis are trapped on the top of mount sinjar .  the islamic state has forced hundreds of thousands of minorities from their homes .  the u.s. has sent them humanitarian airdrops and authorized air airstrike .
 hamilton brushes off title talk <sec> lewis hamilton plays down formula one title talk .  former world champion records fastest lap on final day of testing .  mclaren 's jenson button and toro rosso 's jean-eric vergne next quickest .  mexico 's sergio perez fastest man of the week in his mclare .
 iranian warships dock again in sudan <sec> two iranian warships dock in port sudan , officials and witnesses say .  the visit is part of routine exercises by friendly nations , says sudanese military spokesman .  the iranian officers met with top sudanese navy commanders , iranian state media say .  another pair of iranian warships called into port sudan less than six weeks ag .
 residents in syria 's capital 'stuck in the middle ' as civil war closes in <sec> `` i am worried sick ... but there is nothing we can do , '' a woman in damascus says .  another worries about how to respond to regime or rebel fighters who might stop her .  artillery shells explode just a few miles away from busy city street .
 britney spears accused of lip-syncing <sec> billboard says you can hears spears singing under track .  track is reportedly of singer/songwriter sia .  manager backtracked on saying spears sings liv .
 apparently this matters : drink water , you dummy <sec> jomi interactive hopes their prototype band will encourage people to drink more water .  the band would use bluetooth to snyc up to your mobile device to record stats .  bellini on not drinking enough water : i 'm in the cult of diet cok .
 'catfish ' creators on meeting your online crush <sec> `` catfish '' creators say play it safe when meeting an online acquaintance in real life .  mtv show , based on a documentary , unites online crushes .  people often are n't what they seem from behind a computer screen .  tips : `` stalk '' before meeting , do n't meet at your home , bring a frien .
 pirate costumes seized due to high levels of lead <sec> costumes made for children had 11 times allowable lead limit .  shipments were headed to a distributor in seattle ; costumes will be destroye .
 italian soccer match stopped due to racist abuse of milan 's balotelli <sec> milan-roma match is suspended in second half due to racist abuse by visiting fans .  milan 's striker mario balotelli was targeted during sunday 's match at the san siro .  home team 's coach says that matches should be called off in such circumstances .  both sides have a player sent off , with milan 's sulley muntari manhandling the refere .
 london 's metropolitan police faces racism claims <sec> eight officers and a member of staff are suspended , the metropolitan police says .  about 20 officers and a member of staff are under investigation , police say .  `` there is no room for racism in the met , '' says the force 's deputy commissioner .  the force , which has 32,000 officers , has faced accusations of racism in the pas .
 notorious rio drug trafficker caught <sec> brazil is working to regain control of rio 's slums .  authorities captured one of rio 's most notorious traffickers .  he was hidden in the trunk of ca .
 political chatter : pressure mounting on obama in iraq <sec> graham : consequences of `` monumental proportions '' if isis is not stopped .  a democrat , rep. tulsi gabbard , speaks against a u.s. military option in iraq .  she opposes `` involving ourselves in another civil war ... in another country '' .  lawmakers disagree on whether u.s. should work with ira .
 asia sees spike in dengue fever outbreaks <sec> southern china is suffering from its worst outbreak of dengue fever in two decades .  last week , 1,000 new cases of the mosquito-borne disease emerged each day .  other asian countries are also grappling with outbreaks of the virus . .  climate change and urbanization help the disease sprea .
 report : man says devil made him smash 10 commandments <sec> a man allegedly rams his car into a ten commandments monument .  the 6-foot granite copy of the biblical edicts has drawn criticism from a civil rights group .  the aclu still wants the monument gone -- but legally ; it condemns the apparent vandalism .  the satanic temple also condemned the monument 's destruction as violation of free speec .
 south africans protest xenophobia on social media <sec> more than 10,000 people marched in durban against violence , officials say .  twitter followers voiced their support through hashtag campaigns .  a cape town resident tweets his complaints against a zulu kin .
 rockets fired toward israel from lebanon <sec> new : two rockets fell in populated areas but injured no one , idf says .  israeli prime minister benjamin netanyahu says nation will respond .  israel defense forces blame the attack on global jihadist elements .  the attack halted civilian aerial activity in northern israel , idf spokesman say .
 portugal cancels holidays after vatican talks <sec> portugal 's government consults the holy see before canceling vacation days .  the vatican agrees to the elimination of corpus christi and all saints ' day .  two civil holidays will also be cut , the government says .  portugal is trying to boost its struggling econom .
 sundance 2013 : robert redford answers conservative critics <sec> redford struck back at a group that suggested the state should reconsider funding sundance .  redford : `` sometimes the narrowest mind barks the loudest '' .  redford took questions alongside executive director putnam and festival director cooper .  the trio also discussed the institute 's national and international outreac .
 bayern munich confirm van bommel as captain <sec> bayern munich confirm mark van bommel as their captain for the new season .  the dutchman was given armband by jurgen klinsmann after oliver kahn quit .  franck ribery declared fit to stary training after battling tendonitis in his kne .
 pentagon : troops wo n't lose their war-zone smokes <sec> no ban despite recommendation to do so in pentagon-commissioned study .  spokesman : secretary does not want to take away outlet to relieve stress .  study recommend banning tobacco sales on bases , prohibit smoking in unifor .
 syria refugees : u.n. counts 3 million <sec> new : u.n. : 44 peacekeepers seized near golan heights `` are safe and in good health '' .  u.n. : 3 million have left syria during civil war ; 6.5 million others are internally displaced .  almost half of all syrians forced to leave their homes , agency says .  more than 80 % of refugees are struggling to make a living , u.n. say .
 most americans say things are going well <sec> fifty-two percent of americans say things are going well in the nation .  one-third of americans say the economy is improving , an 8-point increase from last year .  the mood of the nation breaks down on geographic and gender line .
 arsenal football fan injured in rome bus ambush <sec> fan injured during ambush on bus before champions league game in rome .  arsenal bus attacked when it arrives at wrong part of stadio olimpico .  windows on bus smashed by roma fans and one fan enters bus .  arsenal go on to win match 7-6 on penalties after it finishes 1-1 on aggregat .
 cartoon network-themed airplane takes flight <sec> thai airways subsidiary thai smile features cartoon network paint job on a320 jet .  overhead bins , head rests and air sick bags feature characters from cartoon networ .
 louis oosthuizen storms into contention at byron nelson championship <sec> former open champ swings into contention with a third round 64 at byron nelson championship .  oosthuizen tied with america 's brendon todd on 10-under par with one round remaining .  players winner martin kaymer five shots back of lea .
 pharmacy agrees to $ 100 million settlement after meningitis outbreak <sec> new england compounding center was linked to tainted steroid injections .  a nationwide fungal meningitis outbreak was linked to the pharmacy 's steroid injections .  700 illnesses and 64 deaths across the country were blamed on such injections .  pharmacy owners deny wrongdoing , but say they want to help those who suffered from the outbrea .
 debate on spending cuts seeks blame , not solutions <sec> new : obama says opposing higher taxes on the wealthy is what `` binds '' the gop .  forced spending cuts will harm the economy and national security , both sides agree .  president obama says republicans refuse to compromise .  house speaker boehner rejects democratic demands for more revenue as a solutio .
 colleges tell smokers , 'you 're not welcome here ' <sec> about 530 colleges across the country that have enacted 100 % smoke-free policies .  ozarks technical community college in missouri started the first smoking ban in 2003 .  more smokers have sought treatment at university of kentucky since it banned tobacco in 2009 .  some expect smoking bans to spread to all college campuse .
 france welcomes deal to end mali coup crisis <sec> france welcomes a deal by coup leaders to restore power to a civilian government .  the parties agree to set up a transition process leading to a presidential election .  the announcement comes after rebels declare independence for territory in northern mali .  the international community had imposed restrictions on mali amid turmoi .
 'thunder ' gatti revered by boxing fans <sec> arturo gatti was one of the most popular fighters of his generation .  italian-born canadian fought epic trilogy of bouts with micky ward .  gatti also won world titles at two different weights in 16-year pro caree .
 decoding the workplace dress code <sec> `` mohawk guy '' bobak ferdowsi became the face of the mars rover team .  president obama acknowledged ferdowsi 's style in a phone call monday .  ferdowsi 's unique hairdo is a form of self-expression not everyone can get away with .  an expert says style codes have relaxed over the years , depending on the workplac .
 mcdaniel : 'better we learn to stand and fight ' <sec> mcdaniel tells cnn he plans to file legal challenge `` any day now '' .  he says his team 's found more than 5,000 voting irregularities in runoff vote .  mcdaniel defends use of reward money , condemns any use of racist languag .
 english lessons for india 's rickshaw drivers <sec> more than 40,000 auto-rickshaws ply roads of indian capital .  city expected to host 100,000 tourists during commonwealth games .  8,000 auto-rickshaw drivers will be enrolled in training progra .
 nelson mandela death : jacob zuma 's speech in full <sec> south african president jacob zuma says nelson mandela died thursday .  zuma : `` our nation has lost its greatest son . .  our people have lost a father . '' .  `` this is indeed the moment of our deepest sorrow , '' says zum .
 iraqi women : prostituting ourselves to feed our children <sec> aid workers : violence , increased cost of living drive women to prostitution .  group is working to raise awareness of the problem with iraq 's political leaders .  two iraqi mothers tell cnn they turned to prostitution to help feed their children .  `` everything is for the children , '' one woman say .
 haunted houses thrive in scary economy <sec> denver-area `` hauntrepreneur '' runs four haunted houses with husband , two adult sons .  haunted house association says business is booming despite the lean economy .  20 million visitors are expected nationwide this year , each paying an average of $ 15 .  about a third of the 3,000 houses in the united states benefit charity , group say .
 dealership closing 101 : what you need to know <sec> chrysler and general motors announce they will shrink dealer base in u.s . .  chrysler dealers will be `` forced out '' by june 9 .  your warranty is valid through its term , no matter where you bought your car .  you will save a lot of money on a new vehicle purchase right no .
 senate prepared to vote on start , kerry says <sec> foreign relations committee chairman john kerry says they are prepared to vote .  he said there are no amendments being put forth and thus , it 's time to end debate .  the accord resumes inspections of nuclear arsenals and reduced the numbers of warhead .
 sehwag and tendulkar tons lift india <sec> india reach 342-5 on second day of second test against south africa in kolkata .  virender sehwag hits 165 as he adds 249 for third wicket with sachin tendulkar ( 106 ) .  tourists south africa had added 30 runs to their overnight total of 266-9 .  new zealand reach 258-5 on rain-hit opening day of one-off test against banglades .
 billionaire 's son in court over death of wife , eva rausing <sec> new : hans kristian rausing is accused of preventing lawful and decent burial of his wife .  new : rausing looked frail as he appeared in court , uk media say .  he 's the son of one of the world 's richest men .  eva rausing was bright , intelligent and devoted to her children , her father say .
 family of iranian woman facing execution awaits word on her fate <sec> sakineh mohammadi ashtiani was convicted of adultery in 2006 .  iranian authorities say the sentence has been put on hold .  there have been no reports on whether a new sentence has been impose .
 rossi double as villarreal score four <sec> villarreal secure their first spanish primera liga win of the season on sunday .  they thrash espanyol 10-man 4-0 with italian striker giuseppe rossi scoring twice .  real zaragoza are beaten 5-3 at home by malaga who are 5-0 up after 34 minutes .  on saturday , champions barcelona were stunned 2-0 by promoted hercule .
 britain moves to ban muslim group <sec> ban on al-muhajiroun , also known as islam4uk , will take effect thursday .  islamist group proposed to march through town where war dead brought home .  group is already banned under two other names in the terrorism act 2000 -- al-ghurabaa and the saved sect .  the group 's leader anjem choudary said the ban would not stop the .
 bobby jindal does n't know what he 's talking about <sec> in britain , gov . .  bobby jindal speaks of `` no-go zones , '' places where sharia law supposedly trumps british law .  jay parini says the gop governor , on a fact-finding mission , needs to get his facts straight .  let 's hope jindal learns how not to say idiotic things that cause a good deal of offense or harm , parini say .
 apec leaders to work toward free trade area <sec> 21 leaders wrap up a two-day economic summit in yokohama , japan .  the group also talks about a `` necessity to jointly address climate change '' .  obama ends a 10-day trip to asia aimed at opening `` new markets for american products .
 texas prosecutors mourn mike mclelland , 'a big bear of a guy ' <sec> `` they were the consummate good people , '' classmate says of slain da and wife .  mike mclelland came to the law late in life after training as a psychologist .  `` we 're looking out the peephole when the doorbell rings now , '' friend say .
 quest means business is back -- but is u.s. growth ? <sec> quest means business is relaunching , as u.s. economy also enters a new phase .  five years after lehman brothers collapsed , the economy 's vital signs are starting to improve .  the fed 's shock treatment is going to be withdrawn -- but the u.s. may find boost elsewhere .  the u.s. could become a net exporter of oil , in part because of fracking techniqu .
 bibi vs. barack : it 's time for a truce <sec> david gergen : netanyahu 's speech is a terrible mistake of his making but he deserves a hearing .  the rift in us-israel relations over iran is serious , needs repair , gergen say .
 jeb vs. grover : battle for gop 's soul <sec> it 's a bad sign for gop when jeb bush 's conservative allegiance questioned , john avlon says .  avlon says bush was right to repudiate grover norquist 's anti-tax pledge .  ronald reagan was willing to accept some tax increases to achieve compromise , he says .  avlon : in the battle between bush and norquist , the smart choice is to back bush 's vie .
 aliens in the oceans -- searching for life on the moons of jupiter <sec> moons europa , enceladus , and titan are covered with solid water ice .  scientist kevin peter hand says there could be vast liquid water oceans underneath the ice .  these oceans could be great homes for alien ecosystems , says hand .  exploring earth 's oceans might help us understand fundamental geological and biological cycle .
 stimulus raises state sovereignty issues <sec> gop state lawmakers pressing the issue of state sovereignty .  they say the federal government has overstepped its bounds .  oklahoma state senator : stimulus package `` immoral and unconscionable '' .  lawmakers are introducing bills in the states that invoke the tenth amendmen .
 ntsb to assist with investigation of saudi plane crash <sec> new : the cargo plane crashed while landing at riyadh airport .  the ntsb is sending a team to help investigate .  the plane was headed to riyadh from frankfurt , germany .  two pilots were injured and were being treated at a hospita .
 war zone contractors likely here to stay <sec> blackwater , now xe , has garnered unwanted attention over the past few years .  though kicked out of iraq , xe does a great deal of business in afghanistan .  bottom line : u.s. relies heavily on private military contractors .  the issue is how well u.s. government manages this support forc .
 passenger clad in body armor arrested for transporting smoke bomb <sec> man was arrested at lax on friday in international arrivals area .  he was dressed suspiciously and authorities pulled him aside for another inspection .  when they opened his checked bags they found a smoke bomb , knives , other items .  he faces up to five years in priso .
 police : girl may have been dead for days before body found in trash <sec> the death of 10-year-old georgia girl found in a trash can is ruled a homicide .  she appears underweight ; authorities think she 'd been denied food .  her body was found saturday ; she may have died three days earlier , police say .  police : the girl 's father , stepmother are charged with murder in her deat .
 chen guangbiao offers free lunch and cash to u.s. poor <sec> controversial millionaire chen guangbiao is known for theatrical philanthropic stunts .  his latest antic : inviting poor people in the u.s. to a free lunch and promising cash handouts .  chen hopes to foster better u.s.-china tie .
