 country profile : azerbaijan <sec> azerbaijan is a small nation that achieved independence from the ussr in 1991 .  the country hugs the shores of the caspian sea and sits upon vast oil and gas deposits .  azerbaijan 's economy has grown rapidly in recent year .
 hockey player breaks back , switches to figure skating <sec> max aaron dreamed of playing in the nhl .  after breaking his back , he was determined to return to the ice .  he is competing this week -- as a figure skater in the 2014 world championships .  `` do n't take no for an answer , '' he say .
 gun control debate intensifies as grassley crafts new bill - cnnpolitics.com <sec> iowa sen. chuck grassley is putting together a new gun control bill .  grassley is skeptical of new background checks -- an issue at the heart of the debate .  grassley 's bill could provide cover for red state democrats and some republicans .  obama urges congress not to get `` squishy '' on gun contro .
 online viewers ditch slow-loading video after 2 seconds <sec> study : users begin to leave online video after two seconds if it does n't load .  after that , an average of 5.8 % of them leave the video per second .  study is from university of massachusetts at amherst and akamai technologies .  researchers looked at the habits of 6.7 million unique video viewer .
 deputy sold pot from squad car , feds say <sec> the fbi says darrell mathis sold marijuana to federal agents during a 4-month probe .  mathis turned up in his patrol car , in uniform , for some sales .  the investigation began with a `` social visit , '' court papers state .  mathis could not be reached for comment ; he could face up to life in prison if found guilt .
 iraq to reinstate 20,000 former hussein army officers <sec> iraq to hire thousands of former soldiers who worked under saddam hussein .  move comes days before national elections , seen by some as political ploy .  after the 2003 invasion of iraq baathist institutions were dissolved .  many former baath party members became marginalized and joined the insurgenc .
 real madrid , barcelona or manchester united : which is the biggest club ? <sec> real madrid tops deloitte 's football money league table for eighth straight year .  real becomes first sports club to ever pass $ 650.5 million revenue mark in single year .  barcelona takes second place to record a spain one-two with manchester united in third .  united tipped to challenge for top spot in coming years by expert .
 illinois senate to vote on same-sex marriage bill on valentine 's day <sec> a same-sex marriage law is expected to be approved in illinois .  democrats have supermajority control of the legislature .  gov . .  pat quinn , also a democrat , says he 'll sign the bill .  illinois would become the 10th state legalizing same-sex marriage , plus washington , d.c .
 chandhok confident indian gp will survive <sec> karun chandhok confident indian grand prix has a future in formula one .  f1 supremo bernie ecclestone says race will `` probably not '' take place in 2014 .  russia , new jersey and austria are all set to be added to f1 in 2014 .  the indian grand prix was first staged in 201 .
 texas official : the alamo under siege from boxing promoters <sec> `` this would not happen at gettysburg , '' land commissioner jerry patterson says .  las vegas boxing promoters used alamo plaza on monday night .  rapper kanye west wanted to screen a video on the facade .  a key battle in the texas revolution was fought at the alam .
 jackson memorial hits viewer heights <sec> michael jackson memorial watched by 31.1 million in u.s . .  show was a huge hit on web , with traffic spiking up to 33 percent .  on ebay , jackson items included programs from memorial servic .
 teen 's allergic reaction sends her to burn center <sec> an allergic reaction to an antibiotic sent yaasmeen castanada to a hospital burn unit .  `` it has just spiraled into a nightmare , '' her aunt told cnn affiliate kabc .  a doctor says the teen 's prognosis is good , but she 's in critical conditio .
 seaworld claims ethics breaches by osha investigator <sec> osha referred case after allegations first surfaced .  lara padgett investigated seaworld after an orca killed a trainer in 2010 .  seaworld files complaint , saying that padgett divulged its trade secrets .  it says padgett attended `` blackfish '' premiere , accepted free lodgin .
 an incomplete win for obama <sec> ed morrissey : high court ruling on arizona immigration law is largely a win for president .  morrissey : ruling is an incomplete win since the fate of obamacare coming within days .  case is a reminder obama has done a poor job of enforcing immigration law , he say .
 british columbia police id biker who posted video of 186-mph ride <sec> motorcyclist taped self zipping between heavy traffic on vancouver island .  the man , identified as randy george scott , 25 , of victoria , is still at large .  the video allegedly shows rider hitting a top speed of 186 mph ( 299 kph ) .  officer : `` that is a very dramatic example of some obviously dangerous driving .
 boy who lost army dad inspires help for other kids <sec> boy posted ireport to fallen army father last summer .  people have constantly asked : how is braydon nichols doing ? .  he 's performing well in school and has fun summer plans , his uncle said .  other kids who lost parents are receiving help from special operations warrior foundatio .
 drug company : ailing 7-year-old josh hardy will get medicine <sec> 7-year-old josh hardy will receive a drug his family hopes will save his life .  the family and supporters had been pushing a drug company for the medicine .  company officials who denied their request were pressured online as word spread .  now the company says it will start a new study and give josh the medicin .
 'dark day ' for godolphin over 'catastrophic doping error ' <sec> a total of 11 horses at prestigious stable godolphin fail drugs tests .  trainer mahmood al zarooni says he is responsible for administering banned steroids .  highly-rated filly certify and opinion poll are among horses to test positive .  the british horse racing association summon trainer to attend disciplinary hearin .
 u.s.-united arab emirates sign nuclear deal <sec> u.s. congress has to ratify the agreement before it can take effect .  congressional critics fear it could spark an arms race and proliferation in the region .  under the deal , the u.s. would share nuclear technology , expertise and fuel .  the uae will abide by the nuclear non-proliferation treaty , other safeguard .
 new emergency system to alert nyc and dc residents by cell phone <sec> a special chip is needed to allow a phone to receive the notifications .  plan will be able to send messages when cell phone towers experience high traffic .  mobile customers will receive 3 types of alerts containing 90 characters or less .  new york mayor unveils plans for a new emergency alert syste .
 perry drops out , endorses gingrich - cnnpolitics.com <sec> perry endorses gingrich , says he has heart of `` conservative reformer '' .  the final debate before the south carolina primary takes place tonight on cnn .  the gingrich and santorum campaigns reached out for perry 's endorsement , source tells cnn .  the latest poll showed perry at 6 % among likely voters in the south carolina republican primar .
 opinion : will afghanistan be the new iraq ? <sec> anish goel : the dilemma faced by the u.s. with iraq could happen in afghanistan .  he says : a weak iraqi government with a poorly trained army faces a fierce insurgency .  when u.s. troops leave afghanistan , will government be able to stop taliban , he ask .
 commentary : we ca n't do enough for our veterans <sec> gary sinise : i agreed to help produce a film made by man with two brothers in military .  he says `` brothers at war '' shows side of military rarely seen .  sinise : we ca n't do enough to honor military for sacrifices on our behal .
 23andme raises questions about at-home genetic testing <sec> fda has ordered 23andme to stop sales of its $ 99 home genetic testing kits .  23andme supporters took to social media to protest the fda 's decision .  genetic testing can be a powerful tool if used correctly , experts sa .
 stylish digs along the oregon coast <sec> a handful of fashionable hotels have opened along oregon 's northern coast .  the cannery pier hotel in astoria sits on a pier in the columbia river .  ocean point inn & spa in arch cape is housed in a renovated beach hous .
 north korean ship leaves panama months after it was seized <sec> three ship officers must remain to face weapons smuggling charges .  panama stopped the ship last july and said undeclared weaponry was aboard .  the cuban government says they are `` obsolete '' weapon .
 delaware prosecutors drop drug cases in wake of drug lab investigation <sec> delaware prosecutors are dropping drug cases amid a drug-lab investigation .  state police , attorney general shut the lab after evidence went missing , was altered .  local and state law enforcement are auditing more than 20,000 evidence bag .
 indian doctors save boy impaled on iron rod <sec> indian doctors successfully remove 1.2-meter rod from three-year-old boy .  mehul kumar impaled himself while playing on terrace at grandparents ' house .  doctors spend over three hours removing rod and repairing damage to organ .
 unforgettable villain steals 'inglourious basterds ' <sec> christoph waltz plays nazi col. hans landa in quentin tarantino 's new movie .  performance earned waltz the best actor award at the cannes film festival .  his three-decades-long acting résumé shows the diversity of his talent .  the german television veteran was hardly known outside of europe , until no .
 u.s. missiles killed civilians in yemen , rights group says <sec> amnesty international says u.s.-made cruise missiles used in attack .  attack killed 55 people , including 41 civilians , organization says .  pentagon wo n't comment but pleased with yemen 's fight against al qaeda .  yemeni officials have said al qaeda camp was targe .
 serbian tennis star travels to wrong carlsbad <sec> serbian tennis star bojana jovanovski flies to wrong town for tennis tournament .  jovanovski went to carlsbad , california instead of carlsbad , new mexico .  the 19-year-old got to her match with 30 minutes to spare and promptly los .
 political television advertising to reach $ 3 billion <sec> amount almost double what was spent in 2004 election cycle .  lower tv production costs help more candidates advertise .  mitt romney leads presidential candidates in tv spending .  advertisers face challenge of cutting through clutter of ads , analyst say .
 world war ii vets make emotional pilgrimage to iwo jima <sec> retired fighter pilot jerry yellin returns to iwo jima with son , grandson for `` reunion of honor '' .  reunion brings together veterans , officials from japan , the united states .  return represents closure for yellin , whose son married the daughter of japanese pilot .  `` it 's reliving something that happened so long ago , '' marine correspondent cy o'brien say .
 looting of libyan treasure highlights illicit antiquities trade <sec> interpol hunting for looted `` benghazi treasure , '' cache of objects , ancient roman and greek coins .  theft highlights problem of looting of artifacts during times of conflict .  illicit antiquities trade is one of the biggest criminal industries in the worl .
 ted cruz fires back at al franken with net neutrality explainer <sec> sen. ted cruz of texas uploads video of his take on net neutrality .  he uses a landline phone to illustrate his belief that the government stifles innovation .  sen. al franken of minnesota had said cruz did n't understand the issu .
 with environmental spotlight on greenland , more tourists want closer look <sec> greenland is getting more media attention as climate change affects the country .  the attention has drawn more tourists to the island , including 30,000 cruise visitors per year .  greenland tourism officials tell visitors there 's still ice to see , but it 's unclear how much will remain over tim .
 federer pulls out in qatar with back injury as top seed nadal beaten by monfils <sec> roger federer withdraws from qatar open with back injury .  three-time defending champion was due to play jo-wilfried tsonga in the last four .  top seed rafael nadal lost in straight sets to france 's gael monfils in second semifinal .  andy murray sweeps into semifinals of brisbane internationa .
 opinion : government shutdown threat is getting very old , very fast <sec> julian zelizer : budget battles reoccur regularly , and each time seems worse .  republicans have used the weapon of a shutdown to cripple democratic presidents , he says .  zelizer : when a tactic such as threatening to veto debt limit increase is used , it becomes the new normal .  he says some in gop are outraged , and now is a good time to talk about reforming budget proces .
 work like a spy to be the best boss <sec> cia recruitment techniques can be applied to corporate life .  be proactive and do n't be afraid to poach talent , says carleson .  identify different motivations to recruit top talen .
 opry star little jimmy dickens dies at 94 <sec> dickens first came to the famous nashville music venue in 1948 .  he often cracked jokes about his diminutive siz .
 ex-manson follower dying , seeks release from prison <sec> susan atkins seeks `` compassionate release '' from prison .  she is serving life sentence for role in manson family murders of late 1960s .  web site quotes husband as saying she has terminal brain cancer .  request is under consideration , corrections official say .
 author : my work makes me feel beautiful <sec> author notes how many women are emotionally devastated by job loss .  asha bandele used to measure beauty , self worth by her dress size .  now she 's realized her own solitary writing makes her feel beautiful .  and says touching others through her words is a more profound beaut .
 heather mills accused of abusing paralympic official <sec> heather mills accused of verbally abusing an international paralympic official .  mills has given up on her hope of making the british team for the 2014 winter olympics .  a problem with her adaptive boot for skiing meant she was ineligible to compete .  ipc says she physically harassed the organization 's skiing chief sylvana mestr .
 no african leader deemed worthy of leadership award <sec> no winner of this year 's prize for achievement in african leadership .  it is the third time in six years that $ 5million prize has not been awarded .  nigeria drops into bottom 10 african countries for governance , report find .
 dc council votes to legalize same-sex marriage <sec> mayor has signaled that he will sign measure ; congress would then review .  human rights campaign lauds `` victory for all d.c. residents '' .  national organization for marriage , catholic church register oppositio .
 cia torture report : confronting our dark era ( opinion ) <sec> senate intelligence committee releases report on cia torture .  patrick eddington : cia violated u.s. and international law .  mass surveillance , torture are hallmarks of totalitarian governments , he say .
 ntsb : impact in alaska crash affected emergency signal <sec> report on august 9 crash says searchers detected no locator signal .  a former senator died in the crash near dillingham , alaska .  nearest weather station reported gusts , rain , mist .  the plane crashed in rugged alaskan terrain en route to fishing cam .
 why brest is best for summer sailing <sec> brest is one of france 's most historically significant harbors .  the city is located in the region of brittany and is steeped in celtic heritage .  the beautiful coastline and huge harbor has made brest a popular sailing destination .  every four years the city hosts one of the biggest international maritime festivals in the worl .
 dad marries girlfriend , 17 , to 'fulfill a wish for haleigh ' <sec> ronald cummings , misty croslin , 17 , wed after getting engaged at chili 's sunday .  croslin acknowledges critics , but says `` this is what haleigh wanted '' .  grandma theresa neves says haleigh , brother , both wanted the pair to get married .  neves : `` when she comes home she will have that extra happiness to come home to .
 malaysia airlines flight 370 : 2 new signals in search area buoys hope <sec> u.s. official : `` we need to maintain respectful optimism and be responsible '' .  expert says refined search area manageable for underwater vessels .  possible discovery of plane 's pingers energizes search , but for how much longer ? .  agency : up to 15 planes , 14 ships could take part in wednesday 's searc .
 severely beaten detroit driver discharged after 6 weeks <sec> steven utash , 54 , has been discharged from a detroit rehabilitation center .  utash was attacked after he accidentally hit a boy with his truck on april 4 .  utash spent more than six weeks in a hospital and then rehab center .  four adults are charged with attempted murder , juvenile with ethnic intimidatio .
 uk prosecutors considering terry racism allegations <sec> uk prosecutors receive police file in case regarding england captain john terry .  chelsea player is accused of making racist remarks to qpr 's anton ferdinand .  the 30-year-old was interviewed by london police at the end of last wee .
 3d projects new vision for the movie industry <sec> digital tech impetus behind 3d films ; studios still working out how best to use .  format could lead to new creative boom in hollywood , say analysts .  movie industry suggests 3d films are much harder to pirate .  advocates estimate tipping point of 5,000 3d theatres in u.s. in two year .
 robin roberts returns to 'good morning america ' studio <sec> robin roberts has returned to the set of `` good morning america '' .  she arrived at the times square studio at 5 a.m. , abc reports .  it was her first in a series of dry runs before returning to her anchor rol .
 hit-and-run charge against chris brown dropped <sec> brown still faces probation revocation charges .  `` i get the impression that he 's prosecuted for who he is , '' brown 's lawyer says .  the probation revocation could send brown to jail .  brown is on probation for the 2009 beating of rihann .
 pirate hostages vow to continue life at sea <sec> one third of all seafarers on international vessels are from the philippines .  perils of being taken hostage or killed by pirates a very real threat .  those who have survived hostage situation say they will return to the sea .  pay for sailors is far higher than for many in the philippine .
 flare up in the san siro . italy-croatia clash held up <sec> italy - croatia clash held up by crowd trouble at san siro .  flares thrown on pitch cause 15 minute delay .  netherlands thrash latvia 6-0 to relieve pressure on guus hiddink .  gareth bale 's wales hold belgium goalless in brussel .
 facebook adds 'reply ' option to comments <sec> facebook is rolling out a new feature so users can reply directly to comments left on their page .  the reply feature aims to make navigating through conversation threads easier .  for now , threaded replies only apply to facebook pages , not profile .
 7 killed , 23 wounded in blast near iraq holy shrine <sec> three days of attacks in mainly shiite areas of baghdad leave dozens dead .  bomb near revered shiite shrine of imam musa al-kadhim kills 7 on wednesday .  parked car bomb in same area of baghdad kills at least 9 people on tuesday .  at least 32 killed on monday in seven bombings around iraqi capita .
 opinion : lessons from my father , lbj <sec> civil rights summit april 8-10 at lbj library honors 50th anniversary of civil rights laws .  luci baines johnson 's father , lbj , signed the 1964 civil rights act on her 17th birthday .  she stood behind him as he signed the voting rights act ; he taught her justice of the law .  her dad wanted u.s. to be `` blind to color , '' where education , opportunity is unaware of colo .
 apple acknowledges imessage problems <sec> apple is fixing problems with the imessage service .  the messenger sometimes traps messages when users switch phones .  a customer is suing apple over the proble .
 hundreds of 'alien ' aircraft sightings <sec> british tabloid blames ufo for destroying wind turbine blade .  `` octopus ufo '' may have been unmanned stealth bomber on test flight , paper says .  cnn readers remain skeptical about role of ufo in turbine 's ruinatio .
 are these the world 's craziest horse festivals ? <sec> as the dust settles on italy 's palio de siena , cnn looks at wild horse festivals .  includes fire leaping in spain and samurai battles in japan .  a world away from traditional races such as royal ascot or kentucky derby .  some ancient horse shows date back to 10th centur .
 showing off its crimes : how isis flaunts its brutality as propaganda <sec> isis militants are getting increasingly tech- and media savvy .  some of their videos rival hollywood features in production quality .  beheadings by isis have increased after al qaeda disowned the group .  `` our knife will continue to strike the necks of your people , '' a militant warns obam .
