 coach klinsmann hails 'historic ' first u.s. win in mexico <sec> the u.s. earn historic first win in mexico thanks to michael orozco fiscal 's late goal .  argentina beat germany 3-1 in frankfurt as lionel messi scores and misses a penalty .  louis van gaal 's first game of his second spell as dutch coach ends in defeat .  england beat italy 2-1 in switzerland while spain win 2-1 against puerto ric .
 chelsea rallies to join real madrid in champions league semifinals <sec> chelsea overcomes 3-1 first-leg deficit against psg to reach champions league semis .  demba ba scores a late goal in london as chelsea advances on away goals .  real madrid withstands a borussia dortmund fightback to also go through .  borussia dortmund wins 2-0 at home but loses 3-2 on aggregat .
 south sudan clashes kill 600 , u.n. calls for talks <sec> fighting in south sudan reportedly left at least 600 dead , at least 750 wounded .  also at least 26,000 cattle stolen .  2,400 people died in 330 clashes across south sudan , in first 6 months of 2011 .  most of the clashes are over cattle rustling incident .
 world 's largest solar-powered boat cruises into london <sec> world 's largest solar-powered yacht cruises beneath tower bridge .  ms turanor planet solar features over 500 square meters of solar panels .  completes scientific expedition along atlantic 's gulf stream .  $ 16 million vessel could revolutionize nautical design , climate change researc .
 serena williams fined for final outburst <sec> serena williams fined $ 2,000 for verbally abusing a match umpire in u.s. open final .  american could have been banned due to a suspended punishment from 2009 .  tournament officials rule that williams ' outburst did not amount to a major offense .  the 29-year-old was beaten by australia 's sam stosur , who won her first grand sla .
 video appears to depict plane crash in afghanistan <sec> a video appears to show the 747 as it tries to take off from bagram airbase .  `` that 's one dramatic fall out of the sky , '' an expert says .  the plane was carrying seven crew members and cargo , the airline says .  u.s. transportation safety investigators arrive in afghanista .
 judge orders release of 3 u.s. contractors held in iraq <sec> judge orders three of five u.s. contractors held in iraq to be freed .  two others remain in custody on charges involving `` illegal substances '' .  contractor already released on bond ; wife , employer identify him as donald feeney .  men detained in connection with slaying of another u.s. contractor , sources sa .
 cypriot disastrous decision : how to turn a drama into a crisis <sec> the money of german housewives should not bail out russian oligarchs , writes quest .  quest : taxing deposits under €100,000 at over 6 % is effectively punishing the cypriot people .  quest : the eurozone has shown it is better at creating crises than confronting the .
 justin bieber : 'do n't believe rumors ' <sec> justin bieber seems to have responded to allegations of an attempted robbery .  the pop star was accused of attempting to rob a woman of her cell phone on monday .  he tweeted to his fans : `` do n't believe rumors .
 pink , a true pop artist <sec> lz granderson : why does our culture let auto-tuned syrup dominate the pop charts ? .  granderson : thank god for pink , who care really sing .  he says pink deserves the kind of attention that lady gaga and adele receiv .
 pregnant woman goes missing in hawaii <sec> carly `` charli '' joann scott , who is 5 months ' pregnant , was last seen last sunday in maui .  authorities have found her charred suv , but she 's missing .  scott 's stepfather described family 's emotions : `` up , down . .  up , down . .  tired ... .  frustrated . .
 15 dead as migrants attempt to reach spain <sec> craft found with 33 people from sub-saharan africa and a dead woman .  authorities : 14 others , including 9 children , died en route and thrown overboard .  authorities said a ship overturned off the coast of motril .  immigrants from l. america , e. europe and africa 10 percent of spain 's populatio .
 eto'o goal sinks chelsea as mourinho returns in triumph <sec> inter milan beat chelsea 1-0 at stamford bridge to win last 16 tie 3-1 on aggregate .  a 78th minute goal from samuel eto'o settles champions league clash .  chelsea 's didier drogba is sent off five minutes from time after stamping incident .  inter coach jose mourinho guided chelsea to two english premier league title .
 tsa will keep an eye on fans at super bowl <sec> tsa will scan body language and demeanor of fans attending big game .  tsa says behavior-detection officers will work in tandem with tampa police .  aclu says there 's no hard proof that such screening work .
 fighter jets intercept plane that breached summit flight restriction <sec> cargo boeing 777 entered dutch airspace as world leaders gathered for summit .  fighter jets escorted the cargo hauler to germany without incident .  plane was later cleared to continue to its original destination , amsterda .
 bush invokes 'tragedy of vietnam ' against iraq pullout <sec> new : kennedy : bush drawing wrong lesson from history .  president says withdrawing from iraq will embolden terrorists .  speech is latest white house attempt to try to reframe the debate over ira .
 the coca-cola company facts <sec> coca-cola was invented in atlanta , georgia , in 1886 , by a u.s. pharmacist .  today it is the largest beverage company in the world .  the company has operations in over 200 countries , employs 55,000 peopl .
 talk of war and rising prices cast uneasy pall over iran <sec> tehran college student sepideh refuses to watch the news .  she worries about war coming to her homeland .  anxieties are heightened by dismal economic prospects .  upcoming persian new year celebrations are sure to be more mute .
 'american sniper ' trial : suspect questioned his sanity <sec> `` i do n't know if i 'm going insane '' suspect allegedly said after police encountered him .  investigator said defendant drove to taco bell after the killings and ordered two bean burritos .  kyle , whose story was told in `` american sniper , '' and chad littlefield were shot to death on february 2 , 201 .
 obama 's domestic policy adviser leaving <sec> melody barnes says she will leave the white house at the end of the year .  obama cites barnes ' contributions to education reform and innovation .  barnes says she needs `` to move out of a 24/7 work schedule , .
 kaesong zone : north korea , south korea to reopen industrial park <sec> kaesong industrial complex is seen as a key symbol of inter-korean cooperation .  north closed it in april as military tensions with the south increased .  both governments now agree the zone 's operation will not be affected by politic .
 david moyes : manchester united 'desperate ' to reverse fortunes <sec> david moyes says his slumping team is `` desperate '' to turn things around .  man united 's loss to liverpool leaves the club 12 points behind a champions league spot .  united must also overturn a 2-0 deficit against olympiakos to advance in europe .  united has never lost a home game to greek opposition in the champions leagu .
 congressman sleeps on cot to save cash <sec> jason chaffetz says he 'll save $ 1,500 a month by choosing cot over apartment .  if he is tightening his belt , congress should also be able to , he says .  chaffetz , r-utah , is a freshman congressman .  chaffetz says noises in the hallway can make it difficult to sleep at nigh .
 uk 's prince william helps save girl from drowning <sec> prince william piloted a helicopter that rescued a 16-year-old girl from a rip current .  the girl had been caught up by the current while body boarding off the welsh coast .  william is a fully qualified royal air force search-and-rescue pilo .
 4 killed , 7 arrested in security operation after bombing in pakistan <sec> new : shiite muslims in quetta say the burial of victims will begin at 9 a.m. wednesday . .  a suicide bomber killed more than 80 people saturday .  `` why are we being killed for our faith ? '' .  a victim 's sister says .  shiite muslims refused to bury bombing victims until action was taken against those responsibl .
 miley cyrus engaged to 'hunger games ' star <sec> `` i feel like all my dreams are coming true , '' the singer tweets .  people magazine reports the two got engaged may 31 .  liam hemsworth proposed on may 31 with a 3.5-carat diamond .  cyrus and hemsworth have been dating off and on for three year .
 7 of europe 's most luxurious ski chalets <sec> chalet bella coola , in switzerland , has its own hammam for après-ski defrosting .  a butler and private-jet transfer are one courchevel lodge 's claim to fame .  a swedish ski retreat within the arctic circle lays on luxury at serious altitud .
 inauguration brings different kind of gridlock to d.c . <sec> dozens of streets in washington will be closed for inaugural ceremonies .  tickets are required to see the ceremonies up close , while the national mall is open for the general public .  the secret service is leading more than 40 agencies to handle security and transportation .  inaugural day weather is expected to be cool with a low of 26 degrees and the day 's high to reach 3 .
 u.s. attorney general urges new laws to prevent terror from returning fighters <sec> eric holder urges countries to enact new criminal laws that clamp down on suspects .  he cites `` violent extremists fighting today in syria , iraq or other locations '' .  u.s. intelligence estimates that nearly 7,000 foreign fighters have traveled to syria .  holder urges nations to share information about nationals who try to travel to syria to figh .
 group : nigeria arrests gay 'suspects ' under law banning homosexuality <sec> new : police spokesman denies arrests , denounces amnesty report as fiction .  police also compile a list of people for surveillance .  at least 98 % of respondents in the nation say homosexuality is unacceptable .  homosexuality is illegal in most african nation .
 less sex , more tv idea aired in india <sec> an indian idea to curb its population growth is raising eyebrows .  health minister suggested late night tv could make people too tired for sex .  population expert says the idea has some merits .  but parents are not so sure the plan would wor .
 obama sworn in to second term , faces new challenges <sec> quiet official ceremonies for obama , biden precede capitol swearing-in on monday .  chief justice and obama perform oath flawlessly this time .  public events will attract large crowds , but smaller than obama 's first inaugural .  obama has vowed to press for overhaul of immigration policies , find new ways to boost econom .
 brazil investigates 15-year-old girl 's jail horror story <sec> teenage girl says she was put in a prison cell with 20 male inmates .  alleged victim says she was tortured and forced to have sex for food .  the girl and her father are in a witness protection program .  the brazilian government sends two commissions to investigat .
 music school strikes chord with afghan street kids <sec> afghanistan national institute of music has been running for the past two and a half years .  half the places at the school in kabul go to children who are street kids or orphans .  afghan officials believe there are over 600,000 street children across the country .  ahmad samarst returned to set up the school after fleeing the taliba .
 arrest made in shooting of 8 persons after oklahoma city thunder playoff win <sec> a 19-year-old man is arrested on eights counts of shooting with intent to kill , police say .  a woman kicked in her stomach is pregnant .  one of the victims was in critical condition .  thousands of people were in the area after the thunder 's playoff wi .
 25 dead in 5 days of battles in kashmir <sec> new : 25 dead in kashmir gunfights between indian troops , separatist militants .  incident comes after india accuses pakistani troops of firing on indian troops .  kashmir has been in throes of separatist campaign for 20 year .
 what it 's like to lose the election <sec> bob greene : candidates who lose a presidential race have deep , if unexpressed , feelings .  he says many challengers lose , but losing incumbents he 's talked to also had complex emotions .  ford said it was n't his nature to outwardly lament defeat ; nixon defiant , not seeking sympathy .  greene : someone wins , someone loses ; it 's painful to be told by voters : you 're not the on .
 the syrian war within a war <sec> opposition fighters have turned from battling syrian government to attacking former comrades .  rebels say they 're alienated by the islamic state of iraq and syria , an al qaeda-linked group .  fighters on both sides appear to have committed atrocitie .
 43 killed in bombing targeting u.n. food program in pakistan <sec> new : president obama says the `` outrageous terrorist attack '' is `` an affront ... to all humanity '' .  the pakistani taliban claims responsibility for the blast , which killed at least 43 people .  a u.n. spokesman says over 300 people were going through security to get foo .
 george zimmerman juror to abc : he 'got away with murder ' <sec> new : trayvon martin 's mom : it 's `` devastating '' to hear juror b29 's comments .  `` the law could n't prove '' that zimmerman was guilty , a juror tells abc .  `` george zimmerman got away with murder , but you ca n't get away from god , '' she says .  juror b29 says `` we had to grab our hearts and put it aside and look at the evidence .
 u.s. official : bales to be charged with 17 counts of murder <sec> new : the lack of autopsies and possible lack of witnesses may hinder the prosecution .  bales ' lawyer says he 's `` going to make ( the prosecution ) prove every claim '' .  the march 11 shooting spree in afghanistan left at least 16 dead .  the rampage has strained already-tense u.s.-afghan relation .
 rebels , tribesmen battle for control of key yemeni region <sec> shiite militants are battling sunni tribesmen in northern yemen .  at least 42 people died and dozens more were injured in fighting , officials say .  cease-fire negotiations are set to resume on sunda .
 al qaeda 's training adapts to drone attacks <sec> al qaeda recruit tells of weapons and explosives training courses .  group trained in a small mountain shack -- a far cry from large afghan camps .  al qaeda also offered electronics , sniper , and poisons training courses .  some sessions could be geared for killing in europe and united state .
 'lemony snicket ' author sorry for 'racist ' joke <sec> jacqueline woodson won the national book award for the memoir `` brown girl dreaming '' .  after she accepted the award , `` lemony snicket '' author daniel handler shared a story .  handler said he told woodson to write about a black girl who is allergic to watermelon .  handler later apologized for the joke , which many denounced as `` racist '' and inappropriat .
 no sex please , we 're vampires <sec> `` the twilight saga : new moon '' is breaking records at the box office .  film contains plenty of sexual tension but no sex scenes .  twilight saga concentrates on matters of the heart and spirit says director chris weit .
 stop the hypocrisy about israel <sec> david frum says gaza flotilla was carrying war materials .  turkey 's criticism of israel ignores turkey 's occupation of northern cyprus , he says .  new u.n. non-proliferation resolution targets israel but ignores iran threat , frum say .
 nfl to review adrian peterson case for 'potential discipline ' <sec> nfl will review adrian peterson 's case for `` potential discipline , '' spokesman says .  peterson is on probation for two years , will make public service announcement .  he is still on the vikings roster , but has been deactivate .
 why syria 's christians are angry <sec> in syria , a newly approved constitution says that only muslims can be president .  sami moubayed : despite their support for the regime , christians ca n't run for president .  he says while the government is pressured to stipulate this rule , it 's bad politics .  moubayed : many syrians want a constitution that treat muslims and christians fairl .
 new jersey court orders mega millions winner to share jackpot <sec> five other construction workers based in elizabeth , new jersey , will share the jackpot .  a court rules that lopes had fraudulently claimed the entire bounty .  the $ 38.5 million ticket amounted to $ 24 million after lopes chose the cash option .  they are expected to be awarded about $ 2 million each , after taxes and attorneys ' fee .
 legendary pianist van cliburn dead at 78 <sec> van cliburn 's battle with bone cancer was revealed last august .  `` he died peacefully in his fort worth , texas , home , '' his publicist says .  cliburn is considered one of the greatest pianists of the 20th centur .
 'game of thrones ' actor comes out as gay <sec> `` game of thrones '' actor kristian nairn has confirmed he 's gay .  he says in an interview with a fan site that he was never in the closet .  yet he also recognizes the importance of standing up `` to be counted '' .  nairn will return with the rest of the cast for `` got 's '' fourth season in apri .
 real madrid beats city rivals atletico to win champions league <sec> real madrid wins champions league .  real beats city rivals atletico 4-1 in final in lisbon .  gareth bale , marcelo and cristiano ronaldo score in extra time for real .  atletico led through diego godin before sergio ramos equalize .
 nadal into third round as federer walks it <sec> world no . .  2 rafael nadal reaches third round in melbourne , beating tommy haas .  third seed roger federer also into last 32 after his opponent pulls out with injury .  american eighth seed mardy fish crashes out of season 's opening grand slam .  no . .  7 tomas berdych and no . .  11 juan martin del potro go through with victorie .
 tv reboots : is hollywood just out of ideas ? <sec> there are several television reboots planned .  stars of `` charmed '' tweeted against reboot of their show .  writer says fans hold originals near and dea .
 zhou yongkang : china snares its biggest tiger <sec> zhou arrested as part of corruption probe , expelled from communist party .  zhou yongkang was a member of the ruling communist party 's politburo standing committee .  he 's the highest-ranking official to get caught up in president xi jinping 's anti-corruption campaign .  zhou was also a patron of bo xilai , a former a fast-rising political star who was jailed for graf .
 man convicted in mob crimes says he 's 'certain ' where jimmy hoffa is buried <sec> teamsters boss jimmy hoffa disappeared on july 30 , 1975 .  a man connected with detroit 's organized-crime family says he knows where hoffa was buried .  a former prosecutor says , `` this is a man who would have been in the know '' .  the fbi declines to comment on the man 's claim .
 police to search church in slaying of 8-year-old sandra cantu <sec> new : police imply person or persons involved in sandra cantu 's death from area .  police plan to church near mobile park home where sandra 's family lived .  sandra was found in suitcase in a dairy-farm pond near her california home .  sandra had been missing since march 27 from her home in tracy , californi .
 bride-to-be looks beyond life-changing accident <sec> rachelle friedman was paralyzed after injury at bachelorette party .  her best friend playfully pushed her into a swimming pool ; she sustained a spinal injury .  she has maintained a close friendship with her best friend .  she and chris chapman will marry frida .
 fans pay homage to hillsborough victims <sec> a special memorial has marked the 20th anniversary of hillsborough tragedy .  96 liverpool supporters died in crush at the leppings lane end of the stadium .  the taylor report into the deaths led to all-seater grounds in english footbal .
 2 french soldiers killed in shooting <sec> new : french defense ministry corrects earlier report that all three soldiers died .  new : the third soldier is `` in a very bad state , '' ministry spokeswoman says .  a man wearing a motorbike helmet fired at the three soldiers , police say .  authorities are hunting the shooter , who fled the scene in montauban , franc .
 top icc prosecutor in kenya to probe post-poll violence <sec> more than 1,000 killed , hundreds of thousands displaced after 2007 election .  prosecutor luis moreno-ocampo will visit victims , tour areas hardest hit by violence .  election and aftermath tainted kenya 's image as oasis of stability in the regio .
 lettuce lovers go e. coli-free with container gardens <sec> potentially contaminated romaine lettuce recalled after e. coli outbreak .  to avoid food-borne illnesses , you can grow your own lettuce .  you will need , seeds , container , potting soil , light , plastic and spray bottle .  seedlings should germinate in about five days after planting seed .
 cnn student news transcript : january 18 , 2011 <sec> learn about a possible seating change for the state of the union address .  hear how some americans honored the legacy of dr. martin luther king jr . .  consider the challenges facing a scholarship program in the state of georgia .  use the daily discussion to help students understand today 's featured news storie .
 snake arms and crystal legs : artificial limbs push boundaries of art <sec> london designer sophie de oliveira barata creates artistic limbs for amputees .  from snake arms to floral legs , she challenges perceptions of prostheses .  model viktoria modesta wore crystal leg to paralympics closing ceremony .  de oliveira barata says alternative limbs have psychological benefit .
