 how to end world hunger <sec> about 98 % of hungry people live in developing countries .  heifer international 's mission to end world hunger begins with small farmers .  women make up nearly half of farmers , yet challenges cause them to grow less food .  heifer international believes empowering women is key to ending the global hunger crisi .
 clinton urges ivory coast dialogue <sec> clinton visits ivory coast as part of a four-country tour of west africa .  she praises the progress made but urges greater efforts toward reconciliation .  ivory coast was torn by post-election violence from december 2010 to april 2011 .  former president laurent gbagbo now faces four counts of crimes against humanit .
 california town turns away buses of detained immigrants <sec> `` the problem still is there . .  the problem is in washington , d.c. , '' says murrieta mayor .  immigrant rights advocate denounces `` anti-immigrant hate language '' .  140 undocumented central american immigrants arrive in california from texas .  protesters block them from being processed at the murrieta border patrol statio .
 aunt testifies for ex-soldier facing death penalty <sec> steven green in sentencing phase after being convicted of rape , murder .  green found guilty last week of incident in iraq while he was soldier .  aunt : `` he 's my steve . .  you ca n't stop loving someone .
 stockbroker ran broadway scam , authorities allege <sec> businessman and stockbroker mark hotton is arrested at his long island home .  authorities say he created fake investors to fool producers of `` rebecca : the musical , '' .  hotton promised the show a $ 4.5 million investment from four overseas investors , officials say .  when pressed , he said one investor had died of malaria , authorities sa .
 the pope as marxist : is limbaugh right ? <sec> rush limbaugh says pope francis sounds marxist for his statements on poverty .  pope decries the idolatry of money , extreme materialism and disregard for poor .  limbaugh says remarks `` would have been unthinkable for a pope '' to say few years ago .  robert ellsberg : but concern for the poor above all is not marxist , it 's the core of catholicis .
 pope 's former butler claims innocence in 'vatileaks ' trial <sec> new : vatican police rejects gabriele 's claim that he was poorly treated in detention .  new : gabriele says he copied documents because of troubling vatican atmosphere .  the former butler says he is innocent of theft but has betrayed the pope 's trust .  leaked documents were cited in a book alleging corruption in the church hierarch .
 cnn student news transcript : october 27 , 2009 <sec> consider u.s. efforts to offer afghan citizens an alternative to the taliban .  hear how a proposed health care bill addresses the issue of the public option .  meet a soldier who is making history at the u.s. army drill sergeant school .  use the daily discussion to help students understand today 's featured news storie .
 feds expand gun sales reporting requirements in four border states <sec> the policy applies to gun dealers in california , arizona , new mexico and texas .  gun dealers must report sales of high-power rifles under certain conditions .  authorities say it 's an effort to stem the flow of guns to mexican drug cartels .  critics say it 's an illegal expansion of gun-control laws ; the nra says it will su .
 u.s. slaps new sanctions on north korea after sony hack - cnnpolitics.com <sec> the u.s. announces new sanctions against north korea .  the sanctions come in the wake of a cyberattack against sony , attributed to north korea .  targeted in the order : seven officials who represent north korea 's arms dealing trad .
 top u.s. military officer arrives in pakistan <sec> adm. michael mullen to meet with pakistan 's new prime minister and military chief .  relations between u.s. and pakistan tense since u.s. raid in pakistani tribal region .  suicide attack kills 3 soldiers , wounds 6 others in pakistan region of swa .
 sanford completes political comeback in south carolina race - cnnpolitics.com <sec> sanford wins comeback race with about 54 % of the vote .  sanford wins all five counties in the district , colbert busch wins absentees .  colbert busch tried to make sanford 's extramarital affair an issue in race .  sanford tried to tie colbert busch to national democrats , including nancy pelos .
 cnn 's sanchez out after controversial comments <sec> cnn : `` rick sanchez is no longer with the company '' .  sanchez calls jon stewart `` a bigot '' on satellite radio show .  sanchez 's 3 to 5 p.m. daily spot will be filled by `` cnn newsroom .
 mexico city law allowing same-sex unions takes effect <sec> measure also allows same-sex couples to adopt children in mexico 's capital city .  workshops held for 120 judges who may have to rule on domestic issues .  mexico city law comes as same-sex unions in latin america slowly gain acceptance .  on wednesday , two men were married in civil ceremony in buenos aires , argentin .
 gop establishment chooses electability over purity <sec> republicans are taking an aggressive stance against intra-party opposition .  one conservative groups called mississippi republican incumbent a `` liberal '' .  establishment trying to prevent candidates who ca n't win in general electio .
 james makawa : showing africa 's best <sec> u.s.-based zimbabwean broadcaster is co-founder of the africa channel .  channel was set up in 2005 to highlight the best programming from the continent .  makawa interviewed mugabe , aims to show all aspects of africa 's diverse cultur .
 bahamas , other islands on guard for tropical storm <sec> tropical depression is likely to become a tropical storm by sunday .  tropical storm warnings have been issued in parts of the bahamas .  nws forecast puts the storm east of the united states early next wee .
 city of san bernardino , california , to vote on filing for bankruptcy <sec> san bernardino is scheduled to vote on declaring a fiscal emergency .  the city faces a $ 45 million shortfall as millions in revenues have evaporated .  san bernardino would be the third california city to go bankrupt in recent week .
 pork peculiar : inside europe 's strangest sausages <sec> europe is home to thousands of sausage varieties , not all of them appetizing .  france 's andouillette de troyes involves pig intestines wrapped up in a colon .  zungenwurst is a brown-black sausage made from blood , tongue , bread crumbs and oatmea .
 new jersey mother charged in son 's death after 23 years <sec> prosecutors say boy 's body was found 11 months after he was reported missing in 1991 .  a new investigation was launched after a routine cold-case review .  boy 's mother , michelle lodzinski , was arrested 23 years after reporting her son missin .
 the gop 's immigration problem <sec> daniel altschuler : gop has opposed any immigration legislation beyond border control .  he says party helped kill dream act as part of strategy to thwart democratic agenda .  latinos see gop 's position , he says , and it could hurt the party in midterms and beyond .  altschuler : if latinos vote for dems in midterms , gop may decide to deal on immigratio .
 china mine blast deaths exceed 100 <sec> new : death toll rises .  new : sixty miners hospitalized for carbon monoxide poisoning , burns , cctv reports .  new : four workers still trapped .  new : a buildup of toxic gases was hampering rescue efforts , cctv report .
 megaupload founder dotcom released on bail <sec> kim dotcom was arrested last month in new zealand .  judge finds no `` just cause '' to consider him a flight risk .  three megaupload co-workers were arrested with him .  they face charges relating to racketeering and copyright infringemen .
 5 questions from obamacare and contraception <sec> the decision leaves a number of questions in its wake .  what is the impact on obamacare , and for future legal challenges ? .  what does it mean politically in a midterm year with control of the senate at stake ? .  and what now defines religion in business and what does it mean for workers .
 sag awards 2014 : the winners list <sec> the 2014 sag awards were handed out on january 18 .  `` american hustle '' won outstanding performance by a movie cast .  `` modern family '' won best comedy ensemble .  `` breaking bad '' took home the award for best drama ensembl .
 cnn student news transcript - october 7 , 2011 <sec> the daily transcript is a written version of each day 's cnn student news program .  use this transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary .  use the weekly newsquiz to test your knowledge of stories you saw on cnn student new .
 who is 'blade runner ' oscar pistorius ? <sec> oscar pistorius was the first double amputee to compete at an able-bodied olympics .  he described the summer of 2012 as a `` dream come true '' after paralympic gold .  the south african had both legs amputated below the knee when he was 11 months ol .
 snoop lion endorses obama <sec> snoop lion said at the toronto film festival that he backs obama 's bid for re-election . .  snoop lion : 'bush [ had ] eight years , so ... you got ta at least give [ obama ] eight years . ' .  the press conference was held for snoop 's documentary , `` reincarnated . .
 when credit is due : reposting others ' stuff online <sec> when someone lifts our content or reposts a gem we found without credit , we 're mad .  if your friend gave credit to a tipster whom you do n't know , no need to do serial citations .  skip the ctrl-ving altogether and say something origina .
 maine town on edge after zumba instructor accused of prostitution <sec> maine zumba instructor alexis wright , 29 , faces 106 prostitution-related charges .  her business partner , mark strong , is charged on 59 counts .  authorities say clients paid wright for sex in her dance studio in kennebunk , maine .  some are worried about police naming those accused of soliciting prostitutio .
 security pact a topic in hagel 's afghan trip <sec> hagel visiting troops in afghanistan .  defense secretary gets assurances .  karzai visiting iran on sunda .
 nfl stars no match for bacteria <sec> several professional athletes have recently had staph infections .  experts say it is a growing problem in settings that involve skin-to-skin touching .  cdc : do n't share towels ; put something between your skin and the bench .  cleveland browns ' kellen winslow brought issue to forefron .
 judge overturns fine against virginia tech over 2007 shooting <sec> the $ 55,000 fine was for two alleged violations of the clery act .  law requires schools to notify students in a `` timely manner '' about threats .  a student shot and killed 32 people before killing himself in the 2007 rampag .
 remains of 9 jonestown victims found in delaware <sec> cremated remains of nine victims of the 1978 guyana massacre have been found in delaware .  the remains were discovered at site of the former minus funeral home .  authorities were contacted after 38 small containers were left behind .  over 900 followers of jim jones were ordered or forced to drink cyanide-laced punc .
 first the man cave , then cross-dressing <sec> man builds man cave , loses 65 pounds in the process .  of all the man cave tales submitted to ireport.com , this is first to include a dress .  bar of man 's dreams is `` magnificent '' .  dress committee sews two dresses together to fit the loser of the be .
 these people really love to fly <sec> despite the hassles , aviation enthusiasts still enjoy the thrill of flying .  aviation geeks are sharing their passions for flight via blogs and twitter .  aviation companies are taking to social media to cultivate a followin .
 fights with police at iranian refugee camp leave 7 dead <sec> security forces try to establish control at camp ashraf in iraq 's diyala province .  interior ministry : 100 exiled iranians , 45 police officers have been wounded .  camp has housed exiled iranian opposition members since mid-1980s .  iran wants camp shut down ; iraqi government has said it would close facilit .
 gop chairman steele backs off limbaugh criticism <sec> new : kaine says steele 's apology shows limbaugh is leading gop force .  steele earlier said he , not limbaugh , is `` the de facto leader of the republican party '' .  limbaugh 's focus is entertainment , he said . .  `` yes , it is incendiary . .  yes , it is ugly '' .  limbaugh backs earlier comments in which he said he hoped president faile .
 judge : microsoft must turn over emails held outside us <sec> federal ruling is a potential landmark on privacy and government surveillance .  microsoft must now comply with a search warrant demanding emails stored in ireland .  the tech giant challenged the warrant , saying it violated privacy protections . .  it will appeal .  the case grew out of issues from nsa surveillance secrets disclosed by edward snowde .
 kerry : we 'll help iraq but wo n't send in troops <sec> at least 18 dead in baghdad violence .  john kerry says , `` we 're not contemplating boots on the ground '' .  fighting in anbar province has stirred concern .  kerry notes regional implications in the fightin .
 cnn student news - august 16 , 2013 <sec> this page includes the show transcript , the daily curriculum , and maps .  use the transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary .  the daily curriculum 's newsquiz tests students ' knowledge of events in the news .  at the bottom of the page , please share your feedback about our show and curriculu .
 jay silver : how to control a computer with a banana <sec> jay silver is a leading proponent of `` maker movement , '' the do-it-yourself culture of inventing .  his makey makey kits let anyone turn everyday objects into computer interfaces .  silver : `` i think when you make something , you 're kind of making meaning and purpose '' .  silver spoke recently at poptech , an idea-driven conference in camden , main .
 japan 's hottest new souvenir : schoolbags <sec> randoseru , japan 's traditional schoolchild 's backpack , has become the latest must-buy souvenir in japan .  zooey deschanel was spotted in new york sporting a red randoseru , making the rounds on the internet .  one souvenir shop at kansai international airport in osaka sells about 120 randoseru each mont .
 relief oil well on hold as bonnie forces gulf evacuations <sec> new : retired adm. thad allen says there is `` certainly going to be a setback '' at well site .  new : allen says crews `` starting to gain a bit of an upper hand '' in collecting oil .  new : transocean says that disabling general alarm at rig is accepted practice .  deepwater horizon alarm had been `` inhibited , '' technician testifie .
 fbi puts bank robbery suspect 's face on billboards <sec> bank robbery suspect does not seem to make any effort to cover his face .  police say suspect has hit 10 banks in the south .  fbi asks anybody who knows the bank robber to call 423-282-809 .
 new york times rejects mccain essay <sec> new : paper says rejection part of standard back-and-forth procedure .  john mccain writes essay in defending his iraq policy .  new york times suggests mccain submit piece that mirrors barack obama 's .  paper : obama 's essay had new information , mccain 's critiqued obama 's position .
 lawsuit : ohio nurse was 'worked to death ' <sec> lawsuit claims wrongful death after nurse dies in wreck on way home from work .  beth jasper apparently fell asleep behind the wheel after a 12-hour shift .  staff shortages and long shifts are nationwide problem , says national nurses ' unio .
 air force squadron commander removed after osprey crash <sec> osprey crashed last week in florida during routine training mission .  officials are no long confident in his effectiveness , wing commander says .  five crew members were injured in the crash .  the cause is under investigatio .
 husband , not carjacker , charged in wife 's death <sec> police arrest man who blamed carjacker for wife 's death .  ryan holness told police he and wife were assaulted on trip to maryland .  police say information holness provided did not match witness statements , evidenc .
 missouri rape case : prosecutor to seek court-appointed prosecutor <sec> cyberthreats prompt police patrols but city says it had no role in dropped case .  city will be on high alert for tuesday 's protest promoted by facebook page .  the grandfather of the boy accused of rape is a former state legislator .  the grandfather tells cnn that politics had no role in the case being droppe .
 al qaeda allies target u.s. forces in yemen attack <sec> ansar al sharia , an al qaeda affiliate , claims responsibility for the attack .  yemeni defense ministry officials say some of their troops were wounde .
 heavy snow puts brakes on unveiling of new ferrari f1 car <sec> ferrari shelve plans to unveil their 2012 formula one car due to heavy snowfall .  plunging temperatures at the marque 's maranello factory , in italy , causes postponement .  ferrari now plan to publish pictures and technical analysis on their website on friday .  the 2012 f1 season gets underway with the australian grand prix on march 18 .
 cnn student news - june 3 , 2014 <sec> this page includes the show transcript and the daily curriculum .  use the transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary .  the daily curriculum offers the media literacy question of the day , key concepts , fast facts and discussion questions .  at the bottom of the page , please share your feedback about our show and curriculu .
 snags reported on first day of bosphorus strait train tunnel operation <sec> turkey 's state railway confirms reports there had been a power outage in the tunnel system .  passengers hitting emergency buttons prompted `` emergency situation procedures , '' it says .  passenger volume caused train to skip one of the stops on its transcontinental rout .
 author plays the 'half-blood blues ' <sec> `` half-blood blues '' captures end of jazz age in 1930s germany in characters ' staccato slang .  novel conveys the paranoia leading up to start of world war ii and racial tension of the time .  as canadian-born daughter of ghanaian immigrants , `` i grew up between worlds , '' novelist says .  esi edugyan says a sense of uprootedness `` lies at the heart of this novel .
 long-lost story from tennessee williams discovered <sec> a long-lost tennessee williams story was recently discovered at the university of texas .  the never-before-published story , `` crazy night , '' was buried in the authors ' personal papers .  the story was written before williams found success as a broadway playwright .  williams ' fans are celebrating the 70th anniversary of his first hit play , `` the glass menagerie .
 australians replace captain ponting with first muslim player <sec> ricky ponting injured for the fifth and final ashes test against england .  usman khawaja will replace him .  khwaja will become the first muslim to play cricket for australia .  england lead the series 2-1 , and have retained their title .
 americans want vaccines required amid measles outbreak <sec> nearly 8 in 10 believe parents should be required to # vaccinate children against preventable diseases . .  nearly 6 in 10 are opposed to unvaccinated children participating in public school or daycare . .  nearly 4 in 10 americans think measles likely will strike their community within the next few weeks .
 ning : the future of online social networking ? <sec> cnn talks to gina bianchini , ceo of ning , a fast-growing web site .  ning lets people with common interests gather around niche social networks .  the site boasts more than 1 million social networks -- some 200,000 of them active .  in march , the site added a real-time activity feed to help users stay update .
 police : driver in n.y. wreck that killed 8 was intoxicated <sec> minivan driver , four children , three other adults killed in july 26 crash .  driver of minivan had blood alcohol level twice the legal limit , authorities say .  police : minivan was going wrong way in taconic state parkway wrec .
 serbians wait on no . 1 djokovic for home davis cup semifinal <sec> novak djokovic drawn to play david nalbandian in opening tie of davis cup semifinal .  world no . .  1 returns to belgrade just days after his grueling u.s. open final triumph .  losing finalist rafael nadal to play for spain in other semi against france .  serbia beat france in last year 's final to win teams event for the first tim .
 major mexican drug cartel suspects arrested , officials say <sec> suspected top beltran leyva cartel lieutenant arrested at airport in nuevo leon .  12 more suspects arrested ; airplane , cars , drugs , cash , guns confiscated .  rodolfo lopez ibarra , aka el nito , arrested on his way back from a baptis .
 revolution muslim leader changes tune <sec> younes al-khattab started revolution muslim with another american-born convert .  al-khattab once praised al qaeda leader osama bin laden .  today , he tells cnn 's drew griffin he does not support killing civilian .
 iran nuclear talks : 11 things you need to know <sec> iran 's nuclear program actually began with cooperation from the u.s. in the 1950s .  sanctions since 2007 hit ordinary iranians hard but failed to halt country 's nuclear program .  most countries involved in talks believe iran is between 1 and 3 years away from bomb .  israel and saudi arabia will reject any deal that allows iran to keep enriching uraniu .
