 feds to tour michigan prison where gitmo detainees could go <sec> michigan prison seen as place where guantanamo detainees could be relocated .  official : no decision on where to move gitmo detainees has been made .  mayor of standish , michigan : move would keep prison open , keep jobs in area .  president obama aims to close guantanamo detention center in januar .
 nasa misses chance to revitalize space future ( opinion ) <sec> nasa missed a chance to back cheaper , more innovative design in new contract , newt gingrich says .  decision to award spacex a contract was a modest step forward for the commercial space industry , he says .  but nasa will need to embrace new entrants and promote a lot more competition , he add .
 royal delft : the netherland 's true blue pottery <sec> royal delft influenced by chinese pottery , after dutch tradesman brought back porcelain from the far east in the 1600s .  royal delft is the sole remaining plant of 32 earthenware factories established around the industry .  the company hosts more than 120,000 visitors a year to showcase how the pottery is mad .
 commentary : world 's biggest fish are dying <sec> ted danson : june 8 is the first u.n.-recognized world oceans day .  he says oceans are in trouble with 75 percent of seafood species in danger .  saving oceans is doable if we allow fish species to rebound , danson say .
 messages between oscar pistorius and girlfriend read in court <sec> `` you have picked on me incessantly , '' steenkamp messages pistorius .  the message exchanges show strife between the two .  at one point reeva says she 's scared of oscar sometime .
 ireland : is social media turning celtic tiger into celtic cloud ? <sec> in 2010 , ireland asked for an 85b euro bailout as it took on collapsed banks ' debts .  massive austerity followed , with approximately 20 % of the country 's gdp cut .  three years on , forbes has named ireland the best country to do business in .  jim boulden says dublin is leading its recovery on the back of social medi .
 police search for range rover after shooting , fiery crash on las vegas strip <sec> new : an autopsy is being performed on aspiring rapper kenneth cherry jr. , 27 .  son sees cab afire , not realizing it was his father 's , and calls to warn him .  `` he called and he did n't get a response , '' relative says .  there is a nationwide manhunt for the suspect or suspect .
 just say yes ? the rise of 'study drugs ' in college <sec> some college students take adhd medication to help with concentration .  according to a survey , the vast majority do n't think there are risks .  experts caution they may not know proper dosage or think about drug interaction .
 australia win first asian cup title <sec> hosts australia win asian cup .  defeat korea 2-1 in extra time .  first title since switching from oceania to af .
 survey : 1 in 4 users lie on facebook <sec> study : about 25 % of facebook users falsified information in profiles to protect their identity .  the site has limits -- real names and real e-mail addresses are required .  other reasons to lie on facebook : as part of professional identity or for fu .
 f1 : sebastian vettel on pole for korean grand prix <sec> championship leader sebastian vettel has most pole positions in 2013 .  german will head grid for sunday 's korean grand prix from lewis hamilton .  vettel 's teammate mark webber qualifies third but will start from 13th place .  lotus ' romain grosjean heads the second row along with mercedes ' nico rosber .
 brazile : bush came through on katrina <sec> donna brazile 's siblings , father , uncle , aunts , and other relatives lost everything in katrina .  brazile : `` heckuva job '' came to mean bungled rescue , incompetence and public distrust .  but brazile joined forces with bush after he vowed to help and he was true to his word .  bush provided generous aid and often came back to gulf states and new orleans , she say .
 van der sloot 'emotionally immature , ' psych report says <sec> psychological tests concluded joran van der sloot is 'emotionally immature ' .  new : tests also concluded nothing impedes him from 'perceiving and evaluating reality ' .  van der sloot 's mother says he was due to go into mental hospital .  suspect was 'tricked ' into confession , he claim .
 drug-releasing microchip passes first test in humans <sec> researchers at mit completed first trial of drug-releasing microchip in human patients .  pacemaker-sized microchip devices were implanted in seven 60-something women .  osteoporosis drug were delivered as effectively as once-a-day shot .
 rodgers defends liverpool 's suarez amid accusations of diving <sec> liverpool boss brendan rodgers defends luis suarez as striker is accused of diving .  uruguayan appeared to go to ground in match versus stoke under no contact .  rodgers says suarez was stamped on by stoke defender robert huth .  stoke manager tony pulis called for suarez to be punished for what he saw as a div .
 at least 14 shot dead in western mexico <sec> the dead include 10 people killed in a shootout with soldiers .  the bodies of three men are found in a vehicle riddled by bullets .  one person was killed and an officer wounded in another shootout .  the violence was in the western state of michoacan , a hotbed of drug-related activit .
 reddit : best gift ideas for men <sec> men on reddit lamented receiving socks , cologne and toiletries for christmas .  posters suggested coffee , liquor , beer and electronics as worthy alternatives .  some recommended being happy with what you get , as it 's the thought that count .
 the rebirth of renewable energy <sec> daniel yergin : solyndra failure does n't mean renewable energy is in trouble .  he says renewables have become big business because of demand , climate change .  solar and wind are still negligible contributors , but they are destined to grow , he says .  yergin : renewables must overcome cost issues , problem of `` intermittency .
 cnn poll : part of syria strike opposition is the messenger 's fault <sec> americans are evenly divided on obama leadership qualities and whether he 's trustworthy .  white house has failed to explain its syria plan -- only 1 in 5 say they fully understand it .  war weariness is partly to blame : three-quarters say u.s. should n't be world 's policema .
 california family fears relatives are isis hostages <sec> romel david 's brother-in-law went to syria to be with his son and family as they applied for visas .  isis this week has taken hundreds of christians hostage .  `` we fear the worst , '' david say .
 jockey-actor gary stevens finds new life after 50 <sec> stevens is relishing life in the saddle having returned to being a jockey past his 50th birthday .  injury forced his original retirement and he 'd been enjoying an acting career .  but the lure of horse racing proved too much and he has returned in some style .  he argues his role as a broadcaster has enabled him to become a better jocke .
 costa rica 's oasis <sec> costa rica is brimming with opportunity for both adventure and relaxation .  zip-lining , waterfall rappelling , surfing and volcano hiking are just some of the adventures .  travel through costa rica 's small towns to round out your experienc .
 saudi prince gets life in prison for murdering servant <sec> new : saudi prince will have to serve at least 20 years , official says .  prince saud abdulaziz bin nasser al saud was found guilty tuesday by british court .  the jury said he committed murder and inflicted grievous bodily harm .  the prince had not denied killing his servant , bandar abdulazi .
 correspondent miles o'brien turns to technology after losing arm <sec> miles o'brien once reported on the same subject he now needs for recovery .  he jokes that he gets to buy some cool new gadgets .  tv gear case fell on o'brien 's left forearm .  he says doctor said he may have `` compartment syndrome .
 sinkholes : common , costly and sometimes deadly <sec> central florida is particularly known for sinkholes .  the state lies on limestone bedrock and often sees the phenomenon .  florida property owners filed 24,671 claims for sinkhole damage from 2006 to 2010 .  florida sinkhole claims cost insurers $ 1.4 billion in that period , state senate report say .
 a generation born with hiv/aids defies the odds <sec> babies born with hiv/aids in the 1980s defy expectations .  hiv/aids transmission through pregnancy has been curbed through medicine .  teens living with virus have unique camaraderi .
 cuffed to bed , nanny pleads not guilty in child deaths <sec> her next court date is scheduled for january 16 , following a psychological evaluation .  yoselyn ortega , 50 , is accused of murdering lucia krim , 6 , and her brother leo , 2 .  police say that on october 25 , marina krim found her children dead in the their apartmen .
 barbados pm dies at 48 <sec> the cause of death is pancreatic cancer .  deputy prime minister freundel stewart has been sworn in as thompson 's successor .  thompson was elected as prime minister in 200 .
 lindsey vonn suffers multiple injuries in training crash <sec> lindsey vonn damaged troublesome right knee in tuesday 's crash in training .  olympic champion was not admitted to hospital after the fall .  vonn had been preparing for competitive return after her serious injury earlier this yea .
 firefighters get upper hand on texas wildfire <sec> a wildfire in northern texas is 50 % contained , the authorities say .  the wildfire has destroyed 40 homes , a fire official says .  some evacuations have been lifted , an official says .  firefighters are still battling hot spots in oklahoma cit .
 10 of the world 's longest bridges <sec> these 10 longest bridges range from suspension to ice bridges .  every day , 23,000 cars pass over japan 's akashi-kaikyo bridge .  kuala lumpur boasts the longest canopy walkway at 1,509 feet .  china is home to three of the world 's longest natural bridge span .
 world 's fastest car set to break records , again <sec> in 1997 , andy green and broke the world land speed record driving the thrust ssc .  green drove the car to 763mph , and is now hoping to push it past 1,000mph .  the bloodhound project , as its known , is backed by the british government .  it took three years to turn 12 miles of desert into a test-run trac .
 malaysia : churches firebombed amid allah dispute <sec> muslims oppose recent court ruling allowing a catholic newspaper to use the word `` allah '' for god .  60 percent of the people in malaysia are muslim , while 9 percent are christian .  the three churches attacked were in the kuala lumpur region of the countr .
 weiner apologizes for lying , 'terrible mistakes , ' refuses to resign <sec> new : carville says democrats are `` furious '' at weiner , whose wife has ties to the clintons .  the new york democrat says he will cooperate with an ethics probe called by nancy pelosi .  weiner says he `` lied because he was ashamed '' and `` did n't want to get caught '' .  he says he had inappropriate relationships with several women he 'd met onlin .
 what 's new on netflix and amazon for august <sec> netflix and amazon prime have new programs streaming in august .  there feature everything from classics to original programming .  `` the killing '' gets its final season on netfli .
 invisible women : black britons struggle to be heard <sec> some black women feel like they are seen , but not heard in uk society .  they say they 're underrepresented in the workplace , social arenas .  the media is partially to blame , one expert says .  some british women view african-american women as a model for chang .
 opinion : a nuclear threat far greater than iran <sec> ira helfand : focus has been on stopping iran nukes , but world has 17,000-plus warheads .  he says even limited nuclear war with existing warheads could put 2 billion lives at risk .  he says ensuing devastation would cause sharp decline in food and global famine .  helfand : how to prevent even accidental launch ? .  eliminate all nuclear weapon .
 two arrested in poland over ikea explosions <sec> polish police say the men were trying to extort 6 million euros from ikea .  the explosions occurred at ikea stores in several countries this year .  police say the men tried hard to cover their tracks in polan .
 federer focused on olympic 'dream ' <sec> world no . .  1 roger federer through to the last 16 of the olympic singles tournament .  he and swiss partner stanislas wawrinka win opening match of their doubles title defense .  world no . .  2 novak djokovic loses in his first-round doubles match alongside viktor troicki .  the serbian will play andy roddick in round two of the singles after the american win .
 new testament stops bullets , saves man <sec> rickey wagoner , 49 , is shot by three teenage suspects , police say .  new testament devotional in wagoner 's pocket stops two shots .  police are still looking for the suspect .
 3rd california police officer charged in beating death of homeless man <sec> joseph wolfe , 37 , was charged with involuntary manslaughter of a homeless man .  he is accused of participating in the killing of 37-year-old kelly thomas .  thomas , who was mentally ill , was beaten to death in july 2011 , officials say .  wolfe is the third former officer to be charged in the cas .
 source : 'alarming ' secret document details iran 's nuclear goals <sec> new : iran calls claim of work on nuclear bomb part `` false and not worth paying any attention to '' .  papers reinforce `` deep concerns over iran 's nuclear program , '' source says .  it says u.n. nuke watchdog has a copy of papers , which times of london also obtained .  iaea says it 's investigating document , has n't formally asked iran for more information about i .
 ribery suffers another injury setback <sec> bayern munich 's france international midfielder franck ribery has suffered another injury setback .  ribery played a part in just six bundesliga matches during the first half of the 2009-10 season .  the 26-year-old had to have his big toes operated on after they swelled up on a flight to duba .
 u.s. 'soviet-style ' education system not cutting it <sec> hln money expert clark howard : u.s. education system is n't adding up .  american `` one-size-fits-all '' approach to education really punishes kids .  clark supports vouchers , charter schools to break up government monopoly .  ask clark -- have a question or comment ? .  share it at ireport.co .
 aeg live backs down on calling michael jackson 's mom <sec> instead of katherine jackson , aeg live may play clips of prince jackson 's deposition .  aeg live lawyer said he intended to question her `` about the absurdity of the damages '' .  closing arguments in the 5-month-long trial could be heard monday .  michael jackson 's mom and kids are suing his last concert promoter for liability in his deat .
 saudi woman files suit over right to drive <sec> manal al sharif says she hopes the lawsuit will spark change .  she has been an icon of a campaign pushing for women 's rights to drive .  al sharif says she filed the lawsuit after her license application was denied .  religious edicts are often interpreted as a prohibition of female drivers in saudi arabi .
 chinese court upholds 8-year sentence for american citizen <sec> the american citizen was sentenced to eight years for allegedly violating state secret laws .  the u.s. ambassador to china has called for his release on humanitarian parole .  xue was working in china as a geologist for a colorado-based consulting fir .
 ronaldo to miss crucial final wc qualifier <sec> cristiano ronaldo to miss portugal 's final world cup qualifying match .  real madrid say ronaldo could be sidelined for a month with ankle injury .  swedish coach lars lagerback stakes future on world cup qualification .  wayne rooney ruled out of england 's final qualifier against belaru .
 dr. sanjay gupta marijuana weed 'medical marijuana ' 'sanjy gupta weed ' <sec> dr. sanjay gupta changes his mind , says medical marijuana is a good idea .  gupta gets calls from judges , doctors , clergy and patients thanking him .  he says the science backs medical marijuana 's us .
 sale fails to bail out last titanic survivor <sec> last survivor of titanic earns fraction of what auctioneers hoped to raise .  auction aimed at paying nursing home bills of 97-year-old millvina dean .  she was 9 weeks old when titanic sank in 1912 .  the 17 items sold for about $ 8,000 , instead of $ 50,000 initially hoped fo .
 striker olic signs three-year bayern deal <sec> bayern munich agree a deal to sign croatian international striker ivica olic .  olic will join from bundesliga rivals hamburg at the end of the current season .  the 29-year-old agrees a three-year contract and will not cost bayern any fe .
 fresh snow traps motorists in freezing britain <sec> hundreds of british motorists trapped by fresh snow are rescued .  met office issues another severe weather warning .  britain is suffering its coldest winter in nearly two decade .
 vilanova steps down as barcelona coach after cancer relapse <sec> tito vilanova steps down as coach of spanish champions barcelona .  club cited health reasons as the 45-year-old battles cancer .  vilanova succeeded pep guardiola in june 2012 .  first diagnosed with cancerous throat tumor in 201 .
 dogs , cats send 86,000 americans flying annually <sec> every year , more than 86,000 fall injuries are caused by pets . .  cdc : dogs cause 88 percent and cats cause 11.7 percent of falls .  animal experts recommend taking dog to obedience trainin .
 organizers pledge 'no clash ' for 2022 sports bonanzas <sec> ioc chief confident there wo n't be a scheduling clash between 2022 sporting events .  world cup usually held in summer but qatar temperatures deemed too high .  `` no reason '' to believe fifa president would renege on his promise .  qatar edition of world cup already mired in controversie .
 utah supreme court overturns jeffs convictions , orders new trial <sec> new : u.s . .  attorneys ' office in utah says it has federal detainers in place for jeffs .  prosecutor says opinion may make future cases difficult .  jeffs ' case is sent back to a lower court .  justices say the jury instructions were erroneou .
 jackson custody hearing rescheduled again <sec> judge pushes custody hearing back another week .  katherine jackson , the children 's paternal grandmother , has temporary guardianship .  ex-wife debbie rowe has not indicated whether she will try to gain custod .
 a plane that flies forever ? solar-powered flight to take off in 2015 <sec> bertrand piccard and andre borschberg have unveiled solar impulse 2 .  the solar-powered aircraft will attempt to circle the globe next year .  it will have to fly non-stop for five days and nights crossing the pacific and the atlantic .  the aviation pioneers want to raise awareness about clean energ .
 what comes after 'i do ' <sec> daphne oz 's top tip : best marriages based on good health and bad memory .  physical and emotional nourishment : take walks together , hear each other out .  adjusting your expectations helps relationships with friends and significant others .  good to pick your battles but also good to pick the timing of the .
 consumer reports : no battery-life problems with iphone 4s <sec> consumer reports : iphone 4s scored `` very well '' in tests of its battery life .  product watchdog said tuesday it 's recommending the newest iphone .  consumer reports did n't recommend iphone 4 because of antenna proble .
 monster snowstorm expected to slam into the northeast <sec> amtrak shuts down tuesday service between new york and boston .  new york mayor : the storm `` is about to start in earnest '' .  massachusetts governor : `` the best thing anybody can do is stay inside .
 cairo campus set ablaze as protesters , police clash <sec> officials say student protesters set fire to a cafeteria at a university .  the protesters are backers of the muslim brotherhood .  one student protester was killed , according to the muslim brotherhoo .
 'angel baby ' author prefers grime to crime <sec> `` angel baby , '' a new book by author richard lange , debuts this week .  the book follows a woman on the hunt for the daughter she left behind .  it 's written like a long chase , from tijuana to the u.s. border .  lange : `` my novels always seem to end up on the grimy end of the spectrum .
 video shows georgia girl , 7 , fighting off alleged kidnapper at walmart <sec> video from a georgia walmart shows a man grabbing a young girl .  the girl says she punched , kicked and screamed before he let go .  police later arrest a man they said tried to kidnap the 7-year-old girl .  the suspect says , `` i did n't bother nobody . .  i was never there .
