 supreme court sides with dog in search case <sec> court says alerts from trained dogs can trigger probable cause for search of car .  this case and another could have far-reaching impact on search questions .  citizen privacy has been a key issue since 2001 terror attacks on the united state .
 from pins to projects : pinterest in real life <sec> pinterest is a rapidly growing , highly visual online `` pinboard '' .  users can collect items from around the web and share them with friends .  the site has gained quite a following in the crafting and diy community .  browse the gallery above to see real-life projects inspired by images found through pinteres .
 uae police : american woman killed in mall stabbing <sec> u.s. embassy in october issued a security message to teachers at international schools .  american woman was stabbed in the women 's restroom at high-end mall , police say .  the 47-year-old victim was a schoolteacher and mother of 11-year-old twins , police say .  cctv footage shows suspect , face covered and in women 's dress , fleeing scen .
 obama : 'we can move u.s.-cuban relations in a new direction ' <sec> president obama says `` decades of mistrust '' must be overcome .  summit of americas comes on heels of u.s. easing travel restrictions .  obama : `` i did n't come here to debate the past -- i came here to deal with future .
 emotional muamba 'gets closure ' with return to scene of heart seizure <sec> fabrice muamba receives standing ovation as he returns to white hart lane for first time .  muamba collapsed at the london soccer stadium during a match in march .  his heart stopped for 78 minutes , but he was saved by a cardiologist from the crowd .  muamba is raising awareness for heart problems since being forced to retir .
 magical thinking for mere mortals <sec> a lonely gay kid used to pretend to be the witch endora from tv show `` bewitched '' .  now he brings positive `` magic '' into adulthood to improve the quality of his life .  the author recommends meditating , keeping a dream board and listening to intuition .  try speaking in positives and accepting what happens in your lif .
 opinions strong on u.s.-cuba policy change <sec> new : report : people hugged watching obama 's speech on televisions in a havana market .  church bells ring in havana as cuban president announces easing of relations with u.s . .  some cuban dissidents worry that their concerns will now be overlooked .  angry debates erupt in miami 's little havana neighborhoo .
 philippines reels from catastrophe as typhoon haiyan hits vietnam <sec> new : at least 6 people have died in vietnam as a result of the storm , state media report .  new : typhoon haiyan weakens to become a tropical storm after hitting vietnam .  international red cross : realistic to estimate 10,000 people dead across philippines .  president aquino tours tacloban city , where survivors are angry at slow respons .
 police : man shoots 4 family members , then himself <sec> dennis carter sr. killed his estranged wife , their son and grandson , police say .  police say he also shot his pregnant daughter-in-law , who is in critical condition .  carter drove away , then shot himself to death as police pursued , authorities say .  sheriff 's office says carter had record of domestic violenc .
 stop stereotyping south carolina <sec> john avlon : stories refer to south carolina in no-longer true , if ever , stereotypes .  state population is diverse , he says ; it 's 30 % black with a growing immigrant population .  avlon : bob jones university does n't define the state culturally .  unemployment high , he says , but there are more moderates in s.c. than in iow .
 following bourdain : your travel photos <sec> instagram users and ireporters follow along with anthony bourdain in his travels .  cnn 's `` parts unknown '' airs at 9 p.m . .  et sundays .  share your photos from the remaining destinations with cnn irepor .
 dreamliner fans rejoice as american airlines touts 787s <sec> american airlines reveals where it will fly its new boeing 787 dreamliners .  initial routes : dallas-forth worth to chicago , o'hare , beijing and buenos aires .  the 787 's advanced design sparks excitement among aviation enthusiast .
 kelsey grammer , wife expecting twins <sec> grammer is `` looking forward to meeting these new arrivals '' .  the `` frasier '' star married kayte walsh grammer in february .  kelsey grammer has four other children from previous relationship .
 romney is back to loving massachusetts <sec> mitt romney painted a portrait of bipartisan bliss in his time as massachusetts governor .  fred bayles says the truth was more complex and nuanced .  he says romney had no choice but to cooperate with a democrat-dominated legislature .  bayles : he takes too much credit for things done by others ; health care was a breakthroug .
 lindsey vonn , watched by tiger woods , ca n't complete downhill <sec> lindsey vonn misses a gate and ca n't complete a downhill in val d'isere , france .  vonn says she is still injured and will likely only take part in one or two races before the olympics .  marianne kaufmann-abderhalden won the race ahead of tina maze .  canada 's erik guay wins a men 's downhill in val gardena , one of the classic .
 mendes giving sick children a creative outlet <sec> actress eva mendes is among those helping to bring the arts to seriously ill children .  mendes wants the children to know that they might be bedridden , but they have a voice .  mendes felt inspired by `` cnn heroes : an all-star tribute '' : `` it was n't full of s -- - .
 chertoff : laws to be waived for border fence <sec> new : sierra club says border waivers are unconstitutional .  homeland security chief : waivers will enable security projects to move forward .  environmental , land-management laws will be bypassed for u.s.-mexico fence .  michael chertoff says congress has given him the authority to bypass law .
 fcc , fema offer new tech tips for emergencies <sec> the fcc and fema offer new tech tips for emergency preparedness .  many do n't know how to use technology in emergency situations .  if the power goes out , you ca n't use a cordless phone to make or receive calls .  fcc is developing new rules to foster development of next-generation 91 .
 chilean legend figueroa pulls out of fifa presidency race <sec> chilean legend elias figueroa has pulled out of the race to become fifa president .  figueroa was the preferred candidate for an organization called change fifa .  race now a shoot out between current president sepp blatter and mohammed bin hammam .  blatter tells french tv that goalline technology will be in place for 2014 world cu .
 uefa pledge full investigation into violence at italy-serbia match <sec> uefa promise full investigation into violence at euro 2012 qualifier between italy and serbia .  match was abandoned after six minutes of play as serbian fans threw flares and fireworks .  serbian foreign minister vuk jeremic apologizes to italy , it is reporte .
 sharapova suffers second-round wimbledon exit <sec> unseeded gisela dulko beats former champion maria sharapova 6-2 , 3-6 , 6-4 .  the argentinean will now meet nadia petrova in the third round .  the 24-year-old has reached the third round three times previousl .
 larry pressler brings 'cowboy poetry ' to senate race <sec> larry pressler is a former republican now running as an independent senate candidate . .  pressler read poetry at a badger clark poetry society meeting . .  pressler stressed that he wants to work with both parties having ties to both democrats and republicans .
 cnn student news transcript : september 22 , 2010 <sec> discover why an american airman 's heroics were held secret for decades .  study up on genetically engineered salmon , and consider whether you 'd eat it .  join the volunteers who are cleaning up an alabama beach .  use the daily discussion to help students understand today 's featured news storie .
 home decor 's hottest metal : brass is back <sec> brass is back , and better than it was in the 1970s and '80s .  martha stewart collects brass trays from around the world .  the modern way of using brass in home decor is with patin .
 heavy rain , winds cause outages in northeast , mid-atlantic <sec> four inches of rain and winds topping 70 mph recorded in parts of the northeast .  storm and flood warnings extended into sunday for much of the area .  slow-moving storm wo n't pass `` probably until monday , '' cnn meteorologist says .  outages darken much of new york , new jersey , pennsylvania and connecticu .
 hong kong wife wins $ 154 million divorce settlement <sec> the award includes two homes and millions to buy two cars .  it dwarfs famous settlements in other countries .  in comparison , paul mccartney was ordered to pay heather mills almost $ 50 millio .
 virginia tech survivor : 'gratified ' by verdict , still more needs to be done <sec> colin goddard was one of 17 people wounded in the shooting rampage .  a jury found the university was negligent in the shooting rampage .  the jury awarded $ 4 million each to two of the families of those killed .  goddard says he is `` gratified by the verdict .
 new cbs 'early show ' co-anchor embraces challenge <sec> erica hill says she is `` really focused on the future '' .  she was named co-anchor of the morning program last week .  it rates third in its time slot behind nbc and abc .  hill previously appeared on cnn 's `` ac360 .
 hawaii football player dies after wave sweeps him from oahu beach <sec> willis wilson , 21 , was in knee-deep water when wave hit .  wilson previously spent three seasons at the university of washington .  coach : `` he was a very fun-loving young man '' .  wilson 's father also played football for hawai .
 as gm finishes investigation , congress ramps up <sec> automaker concludes internal investigation of fatal ignition switch problem .  but house and senate committees continue to probe the matter , promising hearings .  some in gm knew for years there was a problem , but only started big recall this yea .
 u.s. extends travel warning to mexico <sec> u.s. state department updates travel warning for people traveling to mexico .  warning cites heightened level of drug and gang violence .  more than 22,000 have been killed since mexican president 's crackdown on drug cartel .
 cnn student news - march 30 , 2015 <sec> this page includes the show transcript .  use the transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary .  at the bottom of the page , comment for a chance to be mentioned on cnn student news . .  you must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the cnn student news roll call .
 military e-mails : burial at sea of bin laden followed islamic procedures <sec> defense department releases military e-mails with details on the burial at sea of bin laden .  less than a dozen of the ship 's `` leadership '' were informed of the burial .  traditional procedures for islamic burial were followed , according to the e-mails .  the documents were released under a freedom of information act lawsui .
 'i want my obituary to say i made a difference ' <sec> woman has headed nonprofit south carolina hiv/aids council since 1995 .  since 2000 , the council has provided free hiv tests to more than 8,600 people .  one of the most effective tools in her arsenal is a mobile testing uni .
 west threatens russia with more sanctions , but trade relations complex <sec> russia risks being isolated by the west as it introduces visa bans and threatens more sanctions .  but the european union is reliant on russia for its energy supplies , and has strong trade links .  trade is not so important between russia and u.s. , which is becoming energy self-sufficient .  these differences have impacted the economic approaches to russia amid the crisis in ukrain .
 colorado movie massacre trial of james holmes begins <sec> `` this will require great effort on your part , '' judge tells potential jurors of work ahead .  there 's a 1-in-50 chance of receiving a jury summons in arapahoe county , colorado .  jury summonses unwittingly sent to potential witnesses , relatives of prosecutor 's staf .
 white house taps soap opera producer as ambassador - cnnpolitics.com <sec> a soap opera producer was appointed u.s . .  ambassador to hungary by president barack obama .  a white house spokesman says colleen bell 's campaign fundraising role was not the reason she was chose .
 clinton campaign debt now at $ 6.4 million <sec> hillary clinton still owes more than $ 6 million in presidential campaign debt .  clinton has officially forgiven the $ 13.2 million personal loan to her campaign .  she hopes to have debt paid before her possible confirmation as secretary of stat .
 nasa finds no shuttle damage after two lightning strikes <sec> new : nasa finds no damage after lightning strikes .  weather looks iffy for friday morning 's scheduled launch .  atlantis will be the last shuttle to fl .
 who gave this tulsa reserve cop a gun ? ( opinion ) <sec> peter moskos : reserve cop , 73 , meant to use a taser on a man , but shot him dead instead . .  why was a volunteer cop witha gun in a violent crimes unit ? .  he says the man may have bought his way in with donations to police . .  cops are , and should be , wary of those a little too eager to be police .  moskos : right approach is unarmed auxiliary cops , like in nyc , volunteering as a way to connect public to polic .
 african writers take center stage <sec> global interest in african writing has increased in recent years .  writers from the continent have become sought after in the publishing world .  local content producers and independent publishers have helped the scene to develo .
 new boko haram attacks reported after ceasefire <sec> at least 8 killed in attacks on two villages near border with niger .  boko haram has n't responded to government 's ceasefire announcement .  government said deal includes release of more than 200 kidnapped schoolgirls .  agreement was reached thursday after talks in cha .
 ahmadinejad hails election as protests grow <sec> new : ahmadinejad says vote was a `` great ordeal '' but points `` to the future '' .  angry crowds in tehran break into shops , tear down signs and start fires .  ahmadinejad won landslide victory with 62 percent of vote , government says .  challenger mir hossein moussavi says results are due to `` blatant violations .
 iran nuclear framework talks to continue past deadline <sec> sources tell cnn that french foreign minister has told iranians he is leaving early wednesday morning .  netanyahu : `` agreement ... in lausanne is paving '' way for iran nuclear weapons .  iran , world powers talking to set up parameters for framework deal on iran 's nuclear progra .
 what next for greece 's crisis-hit government ? <sec> new : some in papandreou 's party say a national unity government is needed .  pm george papandreou faces a confidence vote late friday .  the main opposition leader calls for him to resign and for snap elections .  greece has to accept tough bailout terms if it wants to stay in the eurozon .
 black-asian tensions : not the cause of baltimore ( opinion ) <sec> jeff yang : the media has a misconception about urban unrest in light of baltimore turmoil .  he says there 's no pattern of african americans `` targeting asian-owned businesses for destruction .
 2013 : the web 's year of the hoax <sec> viral hoaxes hit the internet big in 2013 .  media analyst : spreading viral stories fast is big business .  the fake `` elan vs. diane '' airplane spat captivated thousands on thanksgiving .  analyst : `` sometimes , with these stories , we all want them to be true .
 juventus stay unbeaten as roma rue penalty miss <sec> roma captain francesco totti misses a second-half penalty in draw with juventus .  unbeaten juve came from a goal down to equalize in the italian capital .  turin side return to top spot in serie a on goal difference above udinese .  roma remain in mid-table , 12 points adrift of the leading club .
 house votes to impeach federal judge from louisiana <sec> judge g. thomas porteous jr. was impeached by u.s. house of representatives .  porteous is from u.s. district court for the eastern district of louisiana .  rep. adam schiff : porteous `` participated in a pattern of corrupt conduct for years .
 high-ranking british soldier killed in afghanistan <sec> british commander country 's highest ranking soldier to be killed in action since 1982 .  lt. col. rupert thorneloe was killed along with trooper joshua hammond .  they were killed by a roadside bomb in afghanistan on wednesda .
 ex-mayor injects race into primary <sec> willie herenton hopes voters in tennessee 's 9th district will look at color of his skin .  herenton challenging incumbent rep. steve cohen in democratic primary .  cohen has backing of obama , congressional black caucus .  both candidates say they think martin luther king jr. would be proud of their wor .
 anchor lou dobbs departs cnn <sec> dobbs , 64 , said president jonathan klein agreed to release him from his contract .  departure will `` enable me to pursue new opportunities , '' said dobbs .  dobbs said he was considering `` a number of opportunities and directions '' .  dobbs ' no-holds-barred style brought loyal following , but also controvers .
 walmart suspends india employees <sec> the suspensions are related to the us retailer 's probe into allegations that employees bribed government officials .  on friday , walmart said its indian joint venture with bharti enterprises had suspended `` a few associates '' .  walmart and its partner bharti enterprises have been working together since 200 .
 trial date set for suspected underwear bomber <sec> new : umar farouk abdulmutallab will head to trial on october 4 , a federal judge says .  he is accused of trying to set off an explosive device aboard a plane .  the incident occurred on a plane coming into detroit on christmas 200 .
 bomb explodes at swiss nuclear group 's office ; 2 hurt <sec> the incident occurs in olten .  the pair suffers minor injuries .  japan disaster has affected the swiss nuclear industr .
 rookie lapd officer charged with murder <sec> court documents say henry solis ' father helped him flee california .  victor solis said he took his son to a bus station in el paso , texa .
 bernie sanders challenges hillary clinton <sec> sanders challenges clinton to address issues he talks about in an interview with cnn .  `` now is hillary clinton going to say that ? '' .  he asks after outlining part of his populist platform .  senator realizes he knocked clinton and later states , `` i am not here to attack hillary '' .  sanders is openly toying with a presidential run and will be in iowa this wee .
 obama administration opens door for iran <sec> white house may drop key condition that iran suspend its nuclear program .  obama administration hopes change will bring iran to negotiation table .  obama says he supports iran 's nuclear program `` with rigorous inspections '' .  israel wants u.s. to force iran to end its uranium production progra .
 world cup oracle octopus paul dies <sec> paul correctly predicted the winners of all germany 's world cup clashes .  he died of natural causes .  his fame spawned clothing lines and mobile phone app .
 massachusetts looks for missing teen <sec> teen girl last seen leaving library in medfield .  police looking for man she was seen with .  brittany thompson may be in danger , officials sa .
 prince harry honors fallen troops <sec> harry serves in british army and spent 10 weeks in afghanistan this year .  decision was made to pull prince from afghanistan amid fears for his safety .  harry marched with 200 sailors , soldiers , marines , airmen at parade in edinburgh .  service took place on the same day four uk soldiers killed in afghanista .
 anti-jewish attacks in europe : keep it in perspective <sec> ruth ellen gruber says the victims of today 's islamist terror attacks include christians and muslims as well as jews . .  she says terrorism in the 1970s and '80s did not prove an existential threat to jews or prompt a mass exodus , and nor should it now .
 breaking with tradition : royal ascot agrees qatari sponsorship deal <sec> qatari company qipco to have sponsorship rights at royal ascot .  historic deal will see limited branding at famous royal meeting .  will provide a prize money boost for royal ascot and other racing at the famous course .  extends growing qatar influence in horse racing and other sport .
 poll : more americans prefer democratic policies <sec> poll : fifty-one percent believe democratic policies are good for the country .  forty-two percent say republican policies are good for the country , poll shows .  views of independents spell bad news for both parties in 2010 elections , cnn polling chief say .
