 where 's the empathy for ebola 's african victims ? <sec> the world 's response to ebola is its own tragedy , writes cnn 's john sutter .  he argues race and geography play a role in the inaction .  kofi annan : if ebola hit another region , `` it probably would have been handled very differently .
 canadians celebrate men 's hockey win <sec> canadians celebrate olympic gold-medal win in men 's ice hockey .  win caps off historic olympics for host nation just hours before closing ceremonies .  witness to jubilation : canadians `` clanging cowbells and screaming like madmen '' .  in host city of vancouver and in toronto , happy throngs pour into street .
 review : 'hobbit ' a sluggish misadventure with a tv sheen <sec> `` the hobbit : an unexpected journey '' is the first in a trilogy adapted from tolkien 's first novel .  the film is just shy of three hours and takes the story up to chapter seven .  critic says new technology displayed in the film does not serve it wel .
 opinion : is america losing germany ? <sec> germany expelled a top cia agent from berlin in light of recent spying cases .  michael werz : germany is an important ally for u.s. , but now relations are strained .  he says america is perceived as a paranoid society that ca n't tell friends from foes .  werz : u.s. and germany need to talk about the transatlantic partnership and spyin .
 giving older kids in foster care a new look for adoption <sec> photographer jennifer loomis felt the photos of foster children did n't do them justice .  she and another photographer convened a free photo shoot to capture better photos .  deon , 16 , was one of seven foster children who took part in the special shoot .  nearly 400,000 children were in foster care as of november 201 .
 anne frank has channel on youtube <sec> rare film of anne frank is posted on youtube by the anne frank museum .  the museum hopes to draw more interest to frank 's story .  other museums have also set up special youtube channel .
 opinion : why i fled north korea <sec> hyeonseo lee : when i was young , i thought my country north korea was the best .  lee : as i saw suffering , hunger and death around me , i made my way to china .  she says she helped her family escape north korea with the help of a stranger .  lee : north korean people need the support of the international communit .
 cnn student news transcript - may 3 , 2013 <sec> the daily transcript is a written version of each day 's cnn student news program .  use this transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary .  use the weekly newsquiz to test your knowledge of stories you saw on cnn student new .
 linkedin makes china connection <sec> linkedin launches beta version of its simplified chinese site .  company currently has four million users in china .  ceo jeff weiner admits the company will comply with chinese government restriction .
 wanted sudanese leader arrives in chad <sec> new : un secretary general ban ki-moon says charges against sudan 's president omar al-bashir are very serious .  he faces charges of war crimes , crimes against humanity and genocide over darfur .  he is visiting the african nation of chad , which is a party to the court .  the un estimates that 300,000 people died in the darfur conflict , and 2.5 million fled their home .
 election monitors sent to 18 states <sec> the justice department is sending election monitors to 28 jurisdictions in 18 states .  midterms are first national elections since court repealed part of voting rights act .  attorney general : monitors will watch for discrimination based on ethnicity , disabilitie .
 college officials reported loughner 's 'creepy , ' 'hostile ' behavior <sec> loughner is accused in the shooting deaths of six people in tucson .  the community college he attended reported several disturbing incidents .  one report noted there may be a mental health concern with loughne .
 pentagon : new airstrikes target refineries used by isis <sec> british parliament -- like belgium 's -- will weigh request to participate in iraq airstrikes .  airstrikes have resumed in eastern syria , a u.s. official tells cnn .  president barack obama urges isis fighters to `` leave the battlefield while they can '' .  u.s. secretary of state john kerry : u.s. airstrikes have `` stopped the onslaught .
 kirby : moment of truth for north korea over human rights <sec> u.n. 's commission of inquiry ( coi ) had no cooperation from north korea , writes michael kirby .  strategy of non-criticism , attempted friendliness to north korea has not secured peace or human rights compliance .  veto might prevent action on some of the central recommendations of the coi .  u.n. has responsibility to protect human rights , as duty when given country fails to do s .
 facing violence , king never abandoned non-violence <sec> lawyer : dr. king believed the cause was worth dying for .  after his house was bombed , king simply told supporters to go home .  king went to memphis to lead a peaceful march in support of garbage workers .  observers said king talked more about death on that fateful trip in 196 .
 mississippi man indicted in case of ricin letters to obama , others <sec> the indictment says the defendant tried to blame another man .  the other man was arrested , then later released .  the 5-count indictment charges james everett dutschke with using ricin as a weapon .  letters were sent to obama and two other .
 exhibition celebrates work of obama 's mother <sec> dunham 's family and friends paint her as ardent anthropologist and explorer .  insatiable curiosity led to copious note-taking -- some of which is just being found .  most of dunham 's personal effects will find final home in smithsonian .  in traditional hawaiian fashion , her ashes were scattered into waters of island .
 witness accounts of mumbai attacks from sites around the web <sec> new : twitter user : `` in bed trying to sleep ... just heard another blast ! '' .  man says he and friend escaped from men trying to take foreigners hostage .  dubai-based man said shooting , grenades like `` in video games '' .  no reports , sites have been vetted for accurac .
 child bride turned scholar : education is the road out of poverty <sec> poverty and cultural traditions kept tererai trent out of school for most of her childhood .  but that did n't stop the zimbabwean from fulfilling her desire to get an education .  trent has defied odds to earn three degrees , including a phd .  now , she 's ensuring kids from her village have the opportunities she lacked as a chil .
 andy coulson given 18-month sentence for phone hacking <sec> new : anti-hacking campaigner says sentences have a symbolic importance .  judge : phone hacking `` increased enormously '' while andy coulson was editor .  coulson , also an ex-aide to the prime minister , receives an 18-month prison term .  three former news of the world journalists and a private investigator are also sentence .
 samuel l. jackson dares interviewer to say the n-word <sec> jackson tried to get an interviewer to say the `` n-word '' during a junket .  the reporter refused to say it .  video of the exchange has received mixed respons .
 ray kurzweil : this is your future <sec> ray kurzweil , acclaimed futurist and inventor , says we can program ourselves away from disease and aging .  kurzweil also believes we will be able to satisfy all our energy needs by solar power by 2030 .  we will also be printing a significant amount of the goods we use and wear , and replacement organs .  work and play will become a fully immersive experience by the 2030s , kurzweil say .
 ireland mayor quits after race comment <sec> irish mayor darren scully resigns after saying he would no longer represent people of black african origin .  he said the black africans were aggressive towards him and accused him of not standing up for them .  as a result , he said on radio , he had decided to actually stop representing them .  opposition parties demanded he step down as mayor of naa .
 is female sterilization ok or creepy ? ( opinion ) <sec> nashville 's district attorney banned prosecutors from offering female sterilization in plea deals .  danny cevallos : present-day sterilization plea deals are voluntary and unlike creepy antiquated practice .
 'duck dynasty ' return scores huge ratings after morrissey protest <sec> a & e 's `` duck dynasty '' returned wednesday night to record ratings .  the season three premiere delivered 8.6 million viewers .  it 's a & e 's most-watched telecast ever and cable 's biggest reality show telecast so far this yea .
 typhoon parma slams into philippines ; 3 reported dead <sec> new : 3 dead in philippines from typhoon parma , local media report .  storm heads to sea after crossing northern philippines .  tens of thousands of filipinos sought shelter in evacuation centers .  the biggest threat was rain in areas water-logged by typhoon ketsan .
 chris brown booted out of rehab , taken into custody <sec> the singer was `` cooperative when taken into custody , '' sheriff 's statement says .  brown has been in court-ordered rehab for the past four months .  he is serving five years probation for the beating of rihann .
 parenting a child with no future <sec> writer emily rapp 's son was diagnosed with tay-sachs disease at 9 months old .  as her son lived out his short life , rapp grieved through writing .  rapp delighted in moments of joy with her son and learned profound lesson .
 michelle obama could be secret weapon in health care reform <sec> first lady michelle obama delivers remarks on health care reform friday .  obama recalls personal health stories about her daughter and father .  analysts say her personal touch on the thorny issue could help her husban .
 transgender miss universe canada contestant falls short of title <sec> new : jenna talackova says the pageant was `` an amazing experience '' .  talackova was born a boy named walter .  she fought to have miss universe organization open competition .  sahar biniaz , 26 , is the new miss universe canad .
 china 's tainted milk scare spreads globally <sec> new : burundi , gabon , tanzania ban import of suspect milk products from china .  new : singapore , taiwan , bangladesh , malaysia , indonesia , brunei impose bans .  head of china 's quality watchdog resigns over tainted baby formula scandal .  four infants in china dead , over 52,000 reported ill from tainted milk powde .
 typhoon haiyan : no medicine , little aid at tacloban clinic <sec> `` we do n't have medicines . .  we do n't have supplies , '' a doctor tells cnn .  the elderly and children are the priority in military airlifts , a philippine officer says .  the latest death toll in the philippines is 2,357 , disaster officials say .  relief effort `` far too slow , '' u.n. emergency aid chief say .
 real madrid fire pellegrini , await mourinho <sec> real madrid have fired manuel pellegrini as coach and are set to appoint jose mourinho .  mourinho must be released from his contract at inter milan before he can move .  real president florentino perez describes mourinho as `` one of the best managers in the game .
 world shocked by u.s. execution of troy davis <sec> execution of troy davis in u.s. sparks protests around world .  world figures , human groups , commentators urged execution to be halted .  eu , french and german governments expressed `` deep regret '' .  social media users predicted execution would encourage new civil rights movemen .
 california fails to pass genetically modified foods labeling initiative <sec> the debate over proposition 37 became political in recent months .  supporters argue citizens have the right to know what 's in their food .  opponents say it would stigmatize foods evidence shows are not harmfu .
 'glee ' finale falls to dramatic new low <sec> ratings for the finale were down 38 percent .  cw 's `` the originals '' beat it in preliminary ratings .  nbc 's `` the voice '' held stead .
 shocking reminder of korea tensions <sec> mark lippert , u.s. ambassador to south korea , was attacked in seoul .  scott snyder : attacks on public figures in south korea not unprecedente .
 kathy griffin is the new chief of 'fashion police ' <sec> comedian kathy griffin will begin hosting e ! .  's `` fashion police '' in 2015 .  celebrity stylist brad goreski will also join the red carpet team .  kelly osbourne and giuliana rancic will retur .
 yemeni opposition : saleh family let al qaeda take over town <sec> jmp : saleh 's family has handed town of radda over to al qaeda militants .  protester : `` saleh is willing to destroy to the entire country for the sake of himself '' .  tribal chiefs are negotiating with the militants to leave the town peacefully .  militants loyal to tareq al-thahab took over historical sites in radda last wee .
 nigerian army says it killed no . 2 leader of boko haram <sec> boko haram has attacked various targets in the nation since 2009 .  mamadu bama is second-in-command of the islamist extremist group , army says .  he was killed along with his father , who was the group 's spiritual mento .
 20 whales dead off southwest florida <sec> the dead whales were found on florida 's kice island .  they 're believed to have been washed ashore amid high seas .  it 's the second set of strandings in the area this wee .
 robert durst 's bathroom folly ( opinion ) <sec> robert durst made some potentially incriminating statements at the end of hbo 's `` jinx '' .  danny cevallos : durst 's attorneys will want to bar their admission at trial , but they will likely be factored i .
 company uses social media to streamline compassion <sec> son returns home for `` second chance , '' but mother has no place for him to sleep .  beremedy uses social media to streamline donating to those in need .  volunteers blast needs on twitter , facebook and write the stories behind the need .  need for bed was fulfilled within 15 minute .
 police : 'forest boy ' story is a hoax <sec> new : german authorities say they are angry , may sue the man for `` social fraud '' .  a female acquaintance saw the hoaxer 's photo and told dutch tv who he was .  police say he 's from the netherlands and never lived in the forest .  german authorities had been trying to establish the man 's identity for month .
 u.n. notes cease-fire violations from both sides in syria <sec> new : local coordination committees says security forces killed 46 on tuesday .  there are two dozen observers on the ground .  the u.n. expects a rapid increase in observers .  12 syrian soldiers are killed in deir ezzor province , an opposition group says .
 papers : woman charged in '87 abduction frustrated over miscarriages <sec> ann pettway was frustrated by her inability to give birth , court documents say .  pettway silent during intial court appearance ; she 's charged with one count of kidnapping .  `` a lot of facts here have yet to come out , '' her lawyer says .  `` she should get 23 years , '' the abducted girl 's aunt say .
 and the top 10 cnn heroes of 2011 are ... <sec> the top 10 cnn heroes of 2011 have been revealed by cnn 's anderson cooper .  they will be honored at `` cnn heroes : an all-star tribute , '' which airs live december 11 .  the annual tribute show will be hosted by cooper and reveal the cnn hero of the yea .
 obama using 'white guilt , ' nader says <sec> new : sen. obama says ralph nader 's trying to `` get attention '' with white comments .  nader accuses obama of trying to `` talk white '' .  obama 's campaign calls the comments `` reprehensible '' and `` delusional '' .  nader : obama 's top issue should be poverty in america , given his heritag .
 osama bin laden 's afghan hideout : rare look in photos <sec> photos from terrorism trial offer rare glimpse of osama bin laden 's hideout before 9/11 .  palestinian journalist went to interview bin laden in 1996 in afghanistan 's tora bora area .  abu musab al-suri , an influential figure in global jihadist movement , appears in images , to .
 sikhs fight army over bans on turbans , uncut hair <sec> two recruits of sikh faith set to report for duty in u.s. army in july .  the army says they must remove their turbans , cut their hair and beards .  sikh group says the army should accommodate the religious articles of faith .  army says problem arises when religious practices interfere with military gea .
 accused marine deserter cpl . hassoun in u.s. custody <sec> cpl . .  wassef ali hassoun has been declared a deserter twice .  he is accused of disappearing in iraq , and then failing to report for duty in north carolina .  hassoun is scheduled to arrive in norfolk , virginia , on sunda .
 volunteer coach to plead no contest in steubenville rape case <sec> matt belardine is set to plead no contest to serving alcohol to a minor and falsification .  each count carries a six-month maximum sentence .  a schools technology director is also expected to appear in court on tuesday .  two ex-football players were convicted of rape in 201 .
 stern 's lawyer : attorney general is talking too much <sec> california attorney general 's comments are prejudicial , lawyer says .  brown saying too much about anna nicole smith case , krista barth says .  barth is attorney for smith 's ex-partner , howard k. stern .  stern , two others charged with conspiring to supply smith with drug .
 rescuers : dolphin stranded in polluted new york canal dies <sec> new : despite rescue efforts , dolphin dies .  the dolphin was stranded in brooklyn 's heavily polluted gowanus canal .  emergency personnel gathered friday alongside the canal .  rescuers had hoped to wait until high tide to determine whether dolphin could free itsel .
 gilbert : we had sworn never to marry <sec> elizabeth gilbert is the author of `` eat , pray , love , '' a huge bestseller .  new book chronicles her love affair with and marriage to man she met in indonesia .  the couple swore not to marry , but was `` sentenced to wed '' due to his immigration problems .  author decided to get over her fear of marriage by researching the institutio .
 stargazers capture images of comet <sec> comet pan-starrs gets its name from the telescope credited with discovering it .  cnn ireporters and other astronomy enthusiasts captured great photos this week . .  if you missed it , there may be another comet viewing opportunity later this yea .
 iranians dodging government 's internet crackdown <sec> iranian government trying to stop internet communication from protesters .  community of net-savvy users are working to try to stay online .  iranians getting help from people around the world with foreign servers .  twitter users change settings to appear they 're in iran to give iranians cove .
 bush commutes sentences of former border patrol agents <sec> bush commutes sentences of ignacio ramos and jose compean .  president believes `` the sentences they received are too harsh , '' official says .  ex-border patrol agents will be released march 20 .  pair convicted of shooting undocumented immigrant allegedly running drug .
 football : espanyol captain jarque dies <sec> espanyol captain daniel jarque dies of heart attack on italy training camp .  jarque , 26 , could not be revived after being found in hotel room .  tragedy comes two years after death of sevilla player alberto puent .
 pentagon bars release of photos allegedly showing detainee abuse <sec> documents show pentagon urging supreme court to dismiss ruling ordering photos ' release .  defense secretary says showing photos would endanger u.s. troops abroad .  obama , justice department have objected to release , reversing executive decision .  separately , administration wants gitmo detainees ' suit alleging torture , discrimination dismisse .
 china : xinjiang hopes to win hearts with new cartoon <sec> new cartoon seeks to foster cultural understanding between ethnic groups in xinjiang region .  `` princess fragrant '' is based on the tale of a uyghur concubine who marries an emperor .  a symbol of national unity for chinese , modern uyghur interpretations portray her as a sex slave .  animation seeks to be entertaining while fulfilling `` political needs , '' director say .
 darfur faces meningitis crisis , ousted aid worker says <sec> meningitis threatens hundreds of thousands of people in darfur .  more than a million at risk of starvation after aid agencies expelled , u.n. warns .  sources : aid workers harassed and detained by the sudanese governmen .
 report : 6 killed after flooding ravages parts of northern italy <sec> new : 348 italian military personnel are dispatched to help in flood-ravaged areas .  state-run news reports flooding-related deaths in 3 italian locales .  monterosso al mare is `` isolated , accessible only by sea , '' its mayor says .  the storms have caused transportation problems across liguri .
 smartphones : what should become of airplane mode ? <sec> airplane mode is n't just for cutting off cellular and internet connections on airplanes .  the feature is used by people who want to disconnect without leaving their devices behind .  with some improvements , the mode could help restore some work/life balanc .
