 obama to naacp : progress made but much still to accomplish <sec> new : energy reform , access to education will pave way to prosperity , obama says .  new : obama tells parents to urge children to aspire beyond `` ballers and rappers '' .  president obama says journey of naacp mirrors progress of america .  rnc chair michael steele says naacp needs to take another look at the go .
 george zimmerman was 'justified ' in shooting trayvon martin , juror says <sec> `` we did what the law required us to do , '' say four other jurors .  they say the opinions of juror b37 are not `` representative '' .  juror b37 spoke exclusively to cnn 's `` anderson cooper 360 '' about the case .  she says zimmerman `` wanted to do good '' but `` went overboard .
 official : mom leaves mentally disabled daughter at bar , refuses to retrieve her <sec> mother abandons mentally disabled daughter , 19 , by side of road in tennessee .  authorities say there are no criminal charges that can be filed against mother .  mother signed statement tuesday saying that daughter is now ward of the stat .
 f1 champion sebastian vettel extends red bull deal <sec> formula one world champion sebastian vettel extends his deal with red bull .  vettel is top of the 2013 drivers ' championship as he goes for fourth straight title .  the extended deal means vettel will remain with red bull until end of 2015 seaso .
 faa to investigate coffee spill that diverted flight <sec> faa investigates policies about food , drink in the cockpit , source tells cnn .  incident monday night stemmed from coffee spilled on a cockpit panel .  somehow an emergency signal indicating a hijacking was triggered .  the united flight was en route from chicago to frankfurt , german .
 bolt completes golden hat-trick as jamaica romp to sprint relay glory <sec> usain bolt wins third gold of world championship .  anchors jamaica to 4x100m relay victory .  eighth gold at the championships for bolt .  jamaica double up in women 's 4x100m rela .
 kim jong un : the 'great successor ' remains an enigma <sec> new : kim jong il always favored his youngest son , according to 2009 wikileaks cables .  new : he was acting national defense commission chair , according to another cable .  he started his military career as a four-star general .  north korea expert : it 's premature to conclude kim jong un will `` make all the shots .
 sri lanka ready to 'go for gold ' <sec> seven athletes will compete for sri lanka at the beijing olympics .  sydney olympic medallist susanthika jayasinghe is biggest hope .  susanthika jayasinghe , anuruddha ratnayake top nation 's medal hope .
 hong kong airport glory days : breathtaking photos <sec> kai tak , hong kong 's former airport , set to reopen as kai tak cruise terminal .  closed in 1998 , kai tak was one of world 's most challenging airports for pilots .  a cathay pacific pilot recalls unique 45-degree turn when landing at kai tak .  many pilots aborted first landing during bad weather and swung around for another g .
 time to protect america from zombies ! <sec> canadian politicians said canada will not tolerate an influx of zombies .  dean obeidallah : america needs to wake up and get ready for the growing zombie threat .  zombies far outlive humans , so they will be a great drain on medicare , he writes .  he says we ca n't allow zombie amnesty and give zombies an easier path to citizenshi .
 injury forces nadal out of u.s. open <sec> last year 's runner-up rafael nadal withdraws from the u.s. open .  spanish player has already missed olympics and north american events .  nadal lost to novak djokovic in last year 's final in new york .  former world number one has a history of knee problem .
 hillary clinton in 2001 : we were 'dead broke ' - cnnpolitics.com <sec> the former secretary of state reportedly has made $ 5 million in speaking fees since leaving government .  the issue came up in an interview with abc .  mrs. clinton has become a staple on the paid speaking circuit as has former president bill clinton .  hillary clinton says benghazi would be more , not less , of a reason to run in 201 .
 australians urge end to indonesia cattle export amid report of abuse <sec> animals australia conducts a probe after a livestock industry report .  outage grows after the footage airs on australian television .  the footage sparks angry calls to the agriculture department and online petition .  the cattle are not treated in accordance with the muslim practice of halal , rights group say .
 this month on inside the middle east <sec> this month , inside the middle east journeys to israel and the palestinian territories .  millions of tourists visit jerusalem each year , but for some , the experience triggers overwhelming emotions .  we meet daphni leef ' , whose calls for social justice led to the largest protest in israel 's histor .
 fire breaks out at luxury dubai skyscraper <sec> there were no deaths or injuries , the dubai civil defense says .  witnesses say flaming debris spread the fire to other floors .  the torch has 79 floors of luxury apartment .
 10 fall movies we ca n't wait to see <sec> `` due date '' might just be `` the hangover '' with robert downey jr . .  `` the social network '' is the take of how zuckerberg started facebook .  james franco portrays beat poet and counter-culture icon allen ginsberg in `` howl .
 ukraine : it deserves military aid from west ( opinion ) <sec> daniel treisman : ukraine is much weaker than russia , needs aid to hold its own .  he says there are powerful arguments on both sides about whether to send military aid .  aid could lead to russian escalation but doing nothing would condone putin 's actions , he says .  treisman : argument for arming kiev is stronger than it has ever bee .
 'dainty , but slightly aggressive ' : roller girls get their skates on <sec> roller derby is a full-contact sport played by women on roller skates .  the sport has been gaining momentum in cape town , south africa .  a league of three teams has been set up , boasting women from all walks of life .  organizers say the sport embraces strong , yet feminine , wome .
 azza fahmy : `` i hate bling bling '' <sec> in the 60s , azza fahmy was the first woman to apprentice in egypt 's jewelry district .  today she heads up international luxury brand , `` azza fahmy jewelries '' .  her designs are worn by naomi campbell and queen rania of jordan .  she tells cnn 's alphonso van marsh what it takes to make it in the luxury marke .
 u.s. : iran 'saber-rattling ' over strait <sec> the u.s. will do `` what we must '' to keep the strait open , official says .  iran says it will do what it sees fit for its defense .  europe wants tougher sanctions on iran over its nuclear progra .
 man city unveil training academy vision <sec> manchester city have unveiled plans for a new team academy complex .  the new development will be near the club 's etihad stadium .  the academy will include a 7,000-seater stadium for youth matches .  it was also contain 15 football pitche .
 obamacare : deadline to sign up for january 1 coverage is here - cnnpolitics.com <sec> cnn/orc poll : support for obamacare has dropped to a record low .  most americans must have some kind of health insurance in 2014 or will face a fine .  `` we screwed it up , '' obama says of the healthcare.gov website launch .  the obama administration says most of the technical issues should have been resolve .
 sneaky or rude -- check your tech etiquette <sec> remove ipod earbuds when you 're talking to someone , experts say .  author : anywhere it 's ok to work on a crossword puzzle , you can check your pda .  the sooner you can reply to an e-mail properly , the better , an etiquette expert say .
 no quick fix for india 's rape crisis <sec> northern india has experienced especially brutal violence , with a spate of brutal rapes .  gayatri rangachari shah : indians have to shift their cultural mindset towards women .  the conviction rate in rape cases has declined over the past few years .  political insensitivity is not helping victims feel safe coming forwar .
 tough road lies ahead in jury selection for jodi arias sentencing <sec> jury selection in penalty phase of jodi arias case to begin monday .  she was convicted of murder of ex-boyfriend travis alexander .  he was stabbed 29 times , had his neck slit and was shot in the face .  jury that convicted her deadlocked on death penalt .
 gao head : 'updated strategy ' needed for iraq <sec> new : head of government accountability office speaks to house committee .  though attacks are down , situation in iraq remains `` volatile and dangerous '' .  report cites `` unfinished '' legislative agenda in iraq .  iraq 's oil production remains below u.s. goals , report say .
 number of illegal immigrants drops , study finds <sec> the unauthorized immigrant population in the united states has decreased , the study says .  the largest drop was among latin american immigrants not from mexico .  mexican unauthorized immigration leveled of .
 romney criticizes obama before big speech <sec> mitt romney and chris christie blasted president obama .  their criticism came just hours before obama 's speech on isis .  the two republicans were speaking at a birthday event for christi .
 6 years later , progress and doubts are legacy of iraq war <sec> u.s.-led invasion of iraq began on march 19 , 2003 .  six years later , fledgling democracy taking hold , security situation improving .  but u.s. lost more than 4,000 troops ; at least 128,000 iraqis have died .  polls show many americans more focused on economy than lingering iraq wa .
 inside fukushima : decommissioning tepco 's stricken nuclear reactor <sec> cnn was granted exclusive access to the heart of fukushima 's nuclear plant .  workers are using a crane to remove 1500 fuel rods submerged in water in reactor 4 .  three other reactors that suffered meltdowns pose an even bigger problem .  the area around the plant , once a bustling community , is now a ghost tow .
 opinion : can dealers face murder charges in hoffman 's death ? <sec> writers : if suspects sold heroin to hoffman , can they be held for his death ? .  not likely .  writers : `` homicide '' means you meant to kill , or know there 's a risk of death and do n't care .  in hoffman 's case , police spent huge resources to hunt down the suspects , they say .  writers : it 's doubtful any of the hundreds who overdose each year will get that attentio .
 opinion : irs abuses power in targeting tea party <sec> irs targeted tea party groups for more aggressive tax law enforcement .  authors say politically motivated enforcement is a risk of efforts to counter citizens united ruling .  irs has been under pressure from the left to crack down on conservative groups , they say .  authors : administration , congress need to enact ironclad rules to prevent repetitio .
 spotty reaction prompts recall of popular japanese skin whitener <sec> yuki izumoto developed white patches on her neck , hands and face .  thousands of people complained of similar symptoms after using popular skin whitener .  japanese company kanebo has recalled products with ingredient rhododenol .  skin whitening is a near obsession for some women in many asia countrie .
 microsoft researcher converts his brain into 'e-memory ' <sec> microsoft researcher gordon bell argues we will soon have searchable memories .  bell details his ideas in a new co-authored book called `` total recall '' .  bell has been recording almost every detail of his life digitally for a decad .
 maria sharapova downplays sochi security worries <sec> maria sharapova is confident the 2014 winter olympics will be a success .  tennis star believes people should not worry about their safety in sochi .  the russian spent a number of years living in sochi as a chil .
 5 badly injured in oklahoma city plane crash <sec> single-engine beechcraft makes hard landing near busy road .  plane developed engine problems shortly after takeoff , faa official says .  fliers were headed for enid , oklahoma , about 100 miles nort .
 holder rejects resignation call at heated senate hearing <sec> new : gop sen. john cornyn calls for attorney general eric holder to resign or be replaced .  new : holder tells senate panel he wo n't resign .  a house committee says it will consider a contempt measure against holder .  republicans criticize holder over 'fast and furious ' program , probe of classified leak .
 ukraine 's president vows to defend territory 'no matter what ' <sec> assistant to separatist leader killed in broad daylight .  `` i do n't want war . .  i do n't want revenge , '' ukraine 's new president says .  `` those who enter with the sword will be met with the sword , '' he says .  ukraine 's natural place in the world is with europe , the president say .
 arizona shooting suspect arraigned on additional charges <sec> new : a federal judge sets a may 25 competency hearing for jared lee loughner .  the judge enters `` not guilty '' pleas on loughner 's behalf .  loughner faces 49 charges related to a mass shooting in tucson .  authorities file a motion to force loughner to submit a handwriting sampl .
 aggressive t-mobile losing money , adding customers <sec> t-mobile added 4.4 million customers in 2013 .  its `` uncarrier '' approach targets customers of other carriers .  company still lost money , though : $ 20 million last quarter .  2013 saw t-mobile offer no-contract plans , add iphone and expand networ .
 john lennon 's tooth sells for more than $ 31,000 at auction <sec> a canadian dentist says he is responsible for the winning bid .  lennon gave the tooth to his housekeeper after he had it removed .  the tooth is too fragile to conduct a dna tes .
 french football 's $ 56m man : psg poster boy pastore <sec> psg 's javier pastore says he no longer feels the pressure of his record price tag .  the argentina international is the most expensive player in french history .  the 22-year-old would like to be joined at psg by real madrid 's gonzalo higuain .  pastore reveals brazilian world cup winner leonardo was key to him joining ps .
 a beginner 's guide to polo : how a chukka can get you hooked <sec> polo is often considered a past time of the rich and famous .  cnn 's alysen miller gets a lesson from a polo master .  argentina has produced some of the world 's finest polo player .
 san francisco style : it 's unforgettable <sec> blogger dyanna dawson and partner john tran showcase hot looks on thesfstyle.com .  blog was created because it combined fashion , photography , writing and blogging .  dawson says weather , travel habits , thrift and vintage shops , city vibe influence fashion .  bloggers look for `` exceptional personal style , '' including fit , uniqueness , standout piece .
 britain slams iran over reported jailing of embassy worker <sec> european union , france and the uk denounced the trial of rassam .  rassam one of several uk embassy employees after unrest in june .  thousands of iranians protested the results of the presidential electio .
 women with wings : female pilots making history <sec> patricia mawuli is ghana 's first female civilian pilot .  she is also the first woman in west africa certified to build and maintain rotax engines .  mawuli grew up in a mud shack in the bush , and was denied a position when she first applied .  she now also teaches flying to young girls in ghan .
 author : think twice about 'the internet ' <sec> author evgeny morozov questions technological `` solutionism '' .  morozov : internet tools are valuable , but we should n't see a digital fix to every problem .  there are lots of `` political and moral implications '' to quantifying data , he points out .  morozov 's book is `` to save everything , click here .
 houses smashed in artists ' cabbagetown <sec> some homes damaged , others unscathed in atlanta 's cabbagetown district .  the community of shotgun-style homes is home to artists and students .  neighbors surveyed damage saturday and offered help to each other .  church is damaged , says pastor , but he plans to give palm sunday sermo .
 'the wolverine ' claws its way to a $ 21 million friday <sec> `` the wolverine '' scored on friday .  `` the conjuring '' came in second place with $ 7.4 million .  `` grown ups 2 '' came in fifth plac .
 assange to sxsw : we 're all being watched <sec> exiled wikileaks founder julian assange spoke saturday via skype to an audience at sxsw .  assange : `` the ability to surveil everyone on the planet is almost there '' .  he called his life in the ecuadorian embassy in london `` like a prison .
 opinion : obama 's speech a model of persuasion <sec> david kusnet : barack obama 's syria speech changed minds with its masterly execution .  he says it 's instructive : he identified with his audience , war-weary but open-minded .  he says he clearly explained risks chemical weapons pose to all , and why he went to congress .  kusnet : he anticipated and answered questions , invoked american exceptionalis .
 china made easy : tourism highlights <sec> explore the traditional alleyways off nanluoguxiang in beijing .  from beijing , visit the slightly less trammeled mutianyu section of the great wall .  take in the view from solitary beauty peak in guili .
 prescription drugs 'orphan ' children in eastern kentucky <sec> many children and teens in eastern kentucky have lost a parent to drug overdose .  `` without a normal mom and dad , you feel different , '' one teen says .  kentucky is the fourth most medicated state in the nation and sixth for overdoses .  a drug task force aims to help children left behind by parents ' addiction .
 death of a tennis art : is this the end for serve and volley ? <sec> former world no . .  1 ivan lendl says serve and volley is too difficult in modern tennis .  hitting power and new technologies mean players now stay at the baseline .  roger federer is finding it harder to serve and volley , says tim henman .  wimbledon legend pete sampras believes the technique is a dying ar .
 sochi 2014 confidential : take a tour of olympic village <sec> sochi 's two olympic villages house 6,000 athletes from 85 nations . .  athletes can access games room and 24-hour gym .  athletes allowed to take home uniquely patterned quilts .  2014 quilts are light-blue with stitched diamonds of colored flowe .
 angelina jolie : i thought i 'd never find love <sec> angelina jolie opens up about her past and present in elle magazine .  the actress says her so-called rebellious behavior was her trying to find herself .  she also never imagined that she 'd have kids , or find love .  now , she and her partner brad pitt are navigating having kids in show busines .
 cnn student news - april 10 , 2014 <sec> this page includes the show transcript and the daily curriculum .  use the transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary .  the daily curriculum offers the media literacy question of the day , key concepts , fast facts and discussion questions .  at the bottom of the page , please share your feedback about our show and curriculu .
 argentine activist finds stolen grandson after 36 years <sec> new : grandmother finally meets her grandson after 36 years .  estela carlotto 's grandson was taken by government forces during argentina 's dictatorship .  a dna test confirms the identity of her grandson .  the mother was killed while in captivit .
 kiwis beat aussies to same-sex marriage <sec> new zealand parliament votes 77 to 44 to allow same-sex couples to marry .  lawmakers erupt into spontaneous song after the amendment is passed .  australia 's gay community feels it is lagging behind its more progressive trans-tasman rival .  australia has started a 'rainbow rebellion ' chalking streets with rainbow symbol .
 12-foot python takes over texas woman 's bathroom <sec> a texas woman found a 12-foot python in her bathroom .  she assumes the snake entered her home through her open back door .  the snake 's owner had reported it missing two months ago , human society say .
 nepalese farmers go organic with human waste <sec> growing numbers of farmers in nepal are using human waste on crops .  it 's a free and efficient way to boost production and yield sells for higher price .  special toilets separate the urine and feces and with compost they 're used on crop .
 ddos attack hobbles sites , including amazon <sec> a ddos attack wednesday evening crippled some of larger e-commerce sites .  neustar , a dns provider in california , was targeted , hurting amazon , wal-mart and more .  the attack , two days before christmas , foiled plans of some last-minute shopper .
 'sharknado 2 ' is coming to theaters ( one night only ) <sec> the tv movie will hit theaters august 21 .  tickets sold out for a theater screening of the first `` sharknado '' .  the sequel nabbed 3.9 million viewer .
 gulf coast beaches update <sec> all of florida 's beaches are open , including tourist hot spots panama city and pensacola .  visitors advised not to swim in waters from florida-alabama line to perdido key .  health officials have issued advisory against swimming in alabama gulf water .
