 'miracle on hudson ' plane up for auction <sec> airbus plane listed for sale `` as is/where is '' at a salvage yard in new jersey .  the wings , included in the sale , have been separated from the body of the aircraft .  plane , piloted by capt . .  chesley `` sully '' sullenberger , safely landed in hudson .  auction set to end on march 27 at 4:30 p.m . .  et and is open to the publi .
 6 facts about boston gang leader james `` whitey '' bulger <sec> james `` whitey '' bulger was sentenced to life in prison in 2013 .  he was captured in 2011 after eluding authorities for 16 years .  bulger 's complicated relationship with the fbi is the focus of a cnn film `` whitey .
 asian nations slash iran oil imports <sec> cut of oil imports come after us efforts to persuade asian buyers to comply with washington 's sanctions .  china and south korea are likely to qualify for exemptions in the coming months .  iran oil production has fallen to a 10-year low and could drop furthe .
 daniel st. hubert , accused of stabbing 2 children , pleads not guilty <sec> daniel st. hubert pleaded not guilty wednesday in stabbing case .  st. hubert is charged with second-degree murder and attempted murder .  `` pj '' avitto , 6 , and mikayla capers , 7 , were stabbed in an elevator , police say .  st. hubert , 27 , was released on parole on may 23 , police sa .
 xi jinping 's foreign policy : no meek approach <sec> no relationship is more important -- or complex -- than that between the united states and china .  china is becoming bolder in territorial disputes in the east and south china seas .  china and north korea have grown apart in the past decade , leader seen as `` spoiled brat , '' analyst say .
 police : suspicious bag found in namibian airport was a 'test device ' <sec> manufacturer says device was not hazardous .  'training device ' that delayed german flight was from a u.s. company , police say .  namibian police say responsible party will be punishe .
 cnn projects : mcauliffe wins governor 's race in virginia <sec> new : the establishment candidate beat the tea party candidate in alabama primary runoff .  democrat terry mcauliffe defeats ken cuccinelli in race for virginia governor , cnn projects .  bill de blasio heads toward becoming first democrat to lead nyc in 20 years .  chris christie easily takes another term as new jersey governo .
 manchester derby thriller marred by 'english disease ' <sec> manchester united go six points clear in premier league with 3-2 derby win .  robin van persie scores late winner against second-placed champions city .  wayne rooney put united 2-0 up inside the first half hour at etihad stadium .  city leveled through yaya toure and pablo zabaleta before injury-time free kic .
 women fall from hotel window , one dies <sec> women fall from 10th floor of atlanta hotel , police say .  one of them is killed , the other critically injured .  witnesses said they were `` play fighting , '' police sa .
 convicted rapist 's search for soccer club goes on <sec> oldham athletic confirms deal to sign ched evans is off .  evans released from prison in october after serving rape sentence .  club say death threats have been made to staff and sponsors .  player maintains his innocence and wants to clear his nam .
 hells angels sue u.s. over visas , criminal designation <sec> the hells angels motorcycle club claims charters in 35 countries .  the group is suing to protest a federal policy barring its foreign members from the u.s . .  it also is fighting its federal designation as a `` known criminal organization '' .  there was no immediate reaction to the lawsuit from government official .
 cnn student news transcript : march 3 , 2010 <sec> consider the difference in impact of earthquakes in chile and haiti .  find out why the u.s . .  postal service might be making some changes .  take a ride on china 's high-speed rail system , the fastest in the world .  use the daily discussion to help students understand today 's featured news storie .
 mexico : 13 police officers arrested in kidnapping gang bust <sec> 13 federal police officers are arrested in a kidnapping gang bust .  they are accused of connections with kidnappings and killings in acapulco .  a spokesman says the arrests show the government wo n't tolerate corruptio .
 terri schiavo family joins fight over jahi mcmath <sec> jahi mcmath 's uncle says the family still hopes to move her to another facility .  terri schiavo life & hope network says it 's trying to help move jahi .  oakland hospital where jahi now lies calls the mcmath family claims untrue .  she 'll be kept on machines through 5 p.m. january 7 , under a court orde .
 uk publishes list of 'least wanted ' people <sec> new : talk show host calls home secretary `` witch '' ; reverend calls her `` neo-nazi '' .  uk home office : 22 people banned from britain for `` stirring up hatred '' .  home office named only 16 of those on the list .  ex-ku klux klansman , russian skinheads , radical islamic clerics also on lis .
 obama-stare puts a spell on romney <sec> dean obeidallah : president 's secret debate weapon was laser-like stare he shot romney .  obeidallah : romney 's look turned from forced smiles to that of someone who 's really queasy .  he says the stare 's power seemed to make romney agree with obama over and over .  if obama could train the stare on congress , he says , maybe something would get don .
 opinion : military rape prosecutions wo n't work <sec> recently , two military sexual assault scandals hit the headlines .  maia goodell : congress should look beyond the military criminal justice system .  she says the military should use civil legal solution on sexual assault cases .  goodell : if service members can file civil lawsuits , victims can directly challenge abuse .
 'horrorcore ' singer suspected in virginia killings <sec> 20-year-old rapper of `` horrorcore '' accused of virginia slayings .  little known underground music genre celebrates macabre killings .  tow-truck driver gave suspect a lift ; said he was `` stinkiest rascal i 've ever smelled '' .  defense lawyer said he 's unsure richard mccroskey `` gets the severity of everything .
 jane austen ring bought back from kelly clarkson <sec> a ring once owned by 19th century novelist jane austen was auctioned last year .  american singer kelly clarkson bought the ring , which had sale price of â£152,450 .  the uk government put an export ban on the item due to its historical link to britain .  the jane austen house museum has successfully raised funds to buy back the rin .
 retired firefighter goes missing from amtrak train <sec> charlie dowd was on his way from san francisco to montreal last week .  he was not on the train when it arrived in chicago .  police found his phone , luggage and medication on board .  his family says he may be disoriented and needs medical attentio .
 the bangles , '80s hitmakers , still making sweet harmony <sec> the bangles were '80s hitmakers with `` walk like an egyptian , '' `` eternal flame '' .  group broke up in late '80s , re-formed in 2000 ; enjoying touring , recording .  susanna hoffs says she 's shocked at how silly the '80s wer .
 creative ways to recycle a plane <sec> visionaries have been making furniture , hotels and private homes from decommissioned airplanes .  airplane trolleys can be converted into wine bars or foosball tables .  plane-turned-boat cosmic muffin can reach speeds up to 13 knot .
 uk pm cameron blasts murdoch as news corp. drops bskyb bid <sec> new : some 4,000 cell phones and 5,000 land lines may have been affected .  lawmakers pass a symbolic motion after debating murdoch 's bskyb ambitions .  sen. jay rockefeller writes to us authorities urging an investigation into news corp . .  pm cameron says news corp. has made `` the right decision '' in dropping its bi .
 police : gunman who killed 3 officers still on the loose <sec> police say sharing photos on social media could tip off suspect .  they urge residents to lock doors , leave outdoor lights on and stay inside .  three officers were killed , and two suffered non-life-threatening injuries , police say .  the suspect is justin bourque ; police release photo of armed man in fatigue .
 indian courts take justice to the people <sec> indian judges bus mobile courts to rural villages to ease backlog .  judges say the mobile courts make justice more convenient .  india has an estimated 300 million unresolved court case .
 tribe seeks to force nfl redskins name change <sec> washington redskins have had their name for 80 years .  president barack obama suggested a name change might be in order .  nfl commissioner changed his tone , says the league has to listen .  team owners did not attend symposium ; tribe hopes controversy will create momentu .
 storm subsides , but misery not over yet <sec> new : snow headed for michigan , western new york .  at least three people are dead because of the storm , officials say .  storm is weakening , snowfall amounts should n't be as high as monday .  wichita , kansas , breaks a 100-year record for february snowfall -- in six day .
 apparently this matters : giant elephant bird egg <sec> an elephant bird egg is to be auctioned in london at christie 's .  the egg is expected to sell for more than $ 45,000 .  bellini : `` it 's literally about the size of john madden 's head . '' .  the enormous egg is perfectly fossilized and hundreds of years ol .
 grandmother says family had nothing to do with toddler 's disappearance <sec> ayla reynolds disappeared on december 17 .  the grandmother notices `` oddities '' in the house after toddler disappeared .  `` there was no party at the house , '' grandmother say .
 pope benedict makes first appearance since resignation news <sec> new : vatican secretary of state tarcisio bertone thanked pope benedict for his service .  the pontiff will later celebrate an ash wednesday mass at st. peter 's basilica .  benedict cites age and frailty as the reasons for his surprise resignation .  his successor as pope will be chosen at a conclave of cardinals in marc .
 paris hilton awakes to home intruder bearing knives <sec> new : man was trying to break window when police arrived , hilton 's publicist says .  hilton tweeted : `` so scary '' .  lapd officers quickly arrested a suspect .  the suspect is `` awaiting charges , '' police sa .
 iran , u.s. need a crisis exit ramp <sec> gary sick : iran and u.s. are goading each other and need to step back .  sick : sanctions to stop nuclear program in iran , set in 1995 , have failed .  he says war with iran would not be won with aerial campaign and would be catastrophic .  we need an exit ramp , he says , and must explore the negotiating track both sides say they prefe .
 sc man allegedly stabbed by housemate over nonstop eagles music <sec> a south carolina woman did n't like her housemate 's choice of music , police say .  when the housemate would n't stop playing the rock band the eagles , the two argued .  the woman grabbed kitchen knives , police said , and cut the man as the argument ran on .  the woman was arrested ; the man was not seriously injure .
 judge orders military to stop enforcing 'do n't ask , do n't tell ' <sec> new : congressman calls on white house to file motion seeking a stay .  the defense and justice departments are studying the ruling .  log cabin republicans hail the federal judge 's ruling but advise caution .  the judge had previously ruled that the policy violated service members ' right .
 french-canadian comedy to get vince vaughn treatment <sec> french-language `` starbuck '' undergoes a hollywood remake .  american version will be called `` delivery man '' and star vince vaughn .  the film is about a sperm-donor who has fathered hundreds of childre .
 russia : deadly fire sweeps through psychiatric institution <sec> new : as many as 37 people are dead in the fire , state media cite local investigators as saying .  the fire broke out at the psychiatric institution in the early hours , reports say .  the emergencies ministry says 23 people have been rescued , state media say .  a fire at a psychiatric clinic in april killed 38 people , sparking calls for better fire safet .
 australian sports club president apologizes for 'king kong ' jibe <sec> an afl team owner has apologized after comparing a player to king kong .  eddie mcguire , president of the collingwood team , made the comment on his radio show .  mcguire has apologized to sydney swans ' indigenous australian player adam goodes .  tiger woods was recently `` hurt '' by a comment made by fellow golfer sergio garci .
 obama : u.s. will actively seek middle east peace <sec> new : president obama urges israel to open gaza border crossings .  hillary clinton receives intelligence briefing on first day at state .  clinton greets employees at the state department .  clinton was confirmed as secretary of state wednesda .
 resolution to n. dakota school nickname dispute still seems far off <sec> u. of north dakota is the last holdout over an ncaa policy on native american nicknames .  university system consultant : education `` is becoming collateral damage '' in the dispute .  the attorney general and higher education board plan to discuss legal options next week .  a move up to the big sky conference may hinge on the fighting sioux nicknam .
 pentagon ca n't explain apparent mystery plume off california coast <sec> new : pentagon reports no missile launches .  defense experts claims to solve the mystery : it 's a plane .  kcbs helicopter happens to catch the contrail at sunset monday .  the contrails rise rapidly into the high atmospher .
 basement breakout : budapest 's escape games go global <sec> escape games are said to have originated in 2011 in budapest with the opening of parapark .  participants pay about $ 60 per team to be locked in a cellar and solve mysteries to escape .  franchises of budapest 's most popular escape games have begun springing up elsewher .
 she beat her eating disorder and now loves her curves <sec> never a size 0 , brittany miles says her eating disorder went unnoticed for years .  her recovery involved both mental and physical changes .  now she tells online followers that loving your body is the key to happines .
 5 primaries worth watching on tuesday <sec> what has been the country 's nastiest primary is to be decided in mississippi .  iowa senate candidate has backing from both tea party and establishment republicans .  only question for california gov . .  jerry brown is who he 'll face in november .  democratic incumbent in montana senate race gets challenge from withi .
 how syria 's bloodshed drove a peaceful protester into the battlelines <sec> peaceful demonstrators want to prove assad regime was violently targeting them .  activist abu omar says kafarsouseh has become another bloody battleground .  extremism is another challenge country is going to face , says abu oma .
 optimism , frustration as mh370 anniversary approaches <sec> ahead of one year anniversary , search chief says he 's confident malaysia airlines flight 370 will eventually be found .  not all share martin dolan 's optimism .  families angry at the lack of information concerning their loved ones lost on boar .
 take a risk and put your true self out there <sec> brené brown says `` authenticity '' is a word that 's out of favor , but it 's key to a fulfilling life .  she says people who choose to express their real self risk criticism and shame .  brown says there 's more risk if we keep our selves bottled up , losing faith in our wort .
 bo knows charity <sec> bo jackson was very disturbed about tornadoes that hit alabama , his home state .  the famed athlete started an annual bike ride across the state to raise money for victims .  bo bikes bama funds will also go toward community shelter .
 vegas weddings skyrocket on 11/11/11 <sec> hundreds of couples are scheduled to get married in vegas chapels .  couples begin getting hitched at midnight on 11/11/11 .  one chapel will have four weddings every 30 minutes .  manager : `` it will be easy to remember your anniversary .
 nato showcases 'engagement without embroilment ' <sec> 23 warships from nato countries conducted an exercise in italy this week .  nato 's military chief said ships allowed it to practice `` engagement without embroilment '' .  the deputy secretary of the 28-nation alliance acknowledged the cost of maintaining fleets .  but commanders insisted the military deterrent forced syria to give up its chemical weapon .
 criminal probe started into texas fertilizer plant blast <sec> new : bryce reed had the materials to make a pipe bomb .  new : authorities will not say if the arrest is related to the deadly fertilizer plant blast .  the state fire marshal 's office has said it ruled out four potential causes .  the april 17 fire and blast at west fertilizer co. killed 14 peopl .
 15 women on why they said 'no ' to marriage <sec> more than a dozen women reveal reasons they do n't want to get married .  `` what i see everyday as a divorce attorney is marriage often leads to divorce '' .  `` i do n't want to be burdened with the `` wife role ' '' .  `` i do not believe in god , but my boyfriend does '' and marriage would create problem .
 official : soldiers loyal to yemen 's ex-president accused in attack <sec> yemen has charged 62 soldiers in the attack on the defense ministry , an official says .  the attack on the ministry tuesday left five people dead and 16 wounded .  'political motives of certain factions are behind the attack ' on the ministry , an official say .
 marine le pen : right-wing wild card in french election <sec> marine le pen says she has backing of 500 elected officials needed to stand in french election .  le pen is leader of france 's far-right national front party and daughter of fiery politician .  her supporters believe her qualities can propel her into at least second place finish in election .  le pen goes into the election with anti-immigration , anti-euro , protectionist policies for franc .
 greece mystery girl : attorney says roma couple adopted 'maria ' <sec> new : the roma couple charged with abducting a child are remanded into custody .  new : video appears to show the girl dancing with the woman now charged .  couple adopted '' maria '' with the biological mother 's permission , their attorney says .  the case plays into old prejudices against roma , also known as gypsie .
 florence : a seasonal guide <sec> florence 's seasonal highlights include twinkling lights at christmas .  easter brings `` scoppio del carro , '' an exploding cart stuffed with fireworks .  in late june , florentine men play a fierce combination of football and fighting .  the cricket festival on ascension day is thought to bring good luc .
 beslan school siege : 'time does n't heal at all ' <sec> in 2004 , chechen rebels took 1,200 people hostage at a school in beslan , russia .  hundreds of people were killed during the subsequent three-day siege and military operation .  cnn 's nick paton walsh covered the hostage crisis for the guardian newspaper .  ten years on , he returns and finds victims of the siege still have unanswered question .
 recent major plane incidents <sec> thursday 's deadly plane crash in buffalo is part of a spate of recent incidents .  u.s. airways flight 1549 landed in hudson river on january 15 .  continental flight 1404 slides off runway during takeoff at denver international airpor .
 slain actress found dark side of hollywood dream <sec> aspiring actress found dead in santa monica apartment in march .  police have released few details about the crime .  file sealed by police ; coroner unable to disclose cause of death .  have information ? .  call ( 310 ) 458-844 .
 air force admits incidents of 'gross mismanagement ' at dover mortuary <sec> the mortuary at dover air force base handles returning war dead .  it also serves as the mortuary for military families overseas .  some remains were lost or unaccounted for , the office of special counsel says .  the air force chief of staff says a panel will review operations at the mortuar .
 in washington , deadlines crashed and holidays trashed <sec> congress has made a habit of working until the last minute to meet fiscal deadlines .  this year , congressional negotiators are working on a budget for 2014 .  if congress fails to act , the price of milk could spike .  doctors face cuts to reimbursements for seeing medicare patient .
 holiday starts in gridlock for chinese travelers <sec> chinese roadways were jammed sunday with 85 million travelers .  boost of traffic attributed to toll-free expressways on holidays .  chinese authorities anticipate 740 million trips over 8-day holida .
 sao paulo to sign santos star ganso <sec> sao paulo will pay around $ 12 million for brazil star .  ganso : `` it 's a dream come true '' .  midfielder had been linked with inter milan .  wants to reclaim his place in national tea .
 discover myanmar 's historical treasures <sec> myanmar is opening up to foreign visitors .  there are many ancient treasures and many tourists are now discovering this south-east asian country .  highlights include the shwedagon pagoda , the colonial buildings in the city of yangon and baga .
 ex-nfl player plaxico burress leaves prison <sec> new : burress was released monday morning .  burress accidentally shot himself in the leg while at a manhattan nightclub .  he was not licensed to carry a pistol in new york or new jersey , where he lived .  burress pleaded guilty to a weapons charg .
