 at least 7 dead , 51 hurt in traffic 'fireball ' in britain <sec> new : at least seven people are confirmed dead and 51 injured .  new : more people are feared trapped in vehicles , police say .  new : poor weather and a nearby fireworks display may have been a factor .  new : the crash in somerset involved 34 vehicles , including heavy truck .
 wesleyan orders fraternities to be co-ed <sec> wesleyan university ordered fraternities to become co-ed in the next three years .  the connecticut university has two all-male fraternities on campus .  one fraternity responds there are no facts about how this will improve on-campus safet .
 massachusetts teen admitted killing teacher , affidavit says <sec> philip chism , 15 , is charged with murder in the death of a teacher .  the body of algebra teacher colleen ritzer was found near the school in october .  chism pleaded not guilty in decembe .
 dolphin : richie incognito considered jonathan martin a 'little brother ' <sec> new : team is taking situation seriously , will cooperate with nfl 's investigation .  father says jonathan martin is a strong man , doing fine .  quarterback says incognito messed with martin , but also came to his aid .  coach has no comment on report team asked incognito to toughen up marti .
 why russia and the u.s. still spy <sec> peter earnest says arrests this week of suspected agents in russian spy ring no surprise .  espionage fills vital niche , he says , providing information about plans , human dynamics .  accused spies appear to have gathered little information , he says .  earnest : early signs are incident wo n't damage improving relations between two countrie .
 'idol ' winner fantasia barrino accused of affair with married man <sec> a north carolina woman says fantasia barrino has had a relationship with her husband .  the couple are accused of recording sexual encounters , court documents say .  barrino , 26 , was named `` american idol '' in 2004 .  she declined to comment on the allegation .
 4 service members killed in eastern afghanistan attack <sec> the four soldiers killed were czech nationals .  the soldiers were on patrol when they were attacked .  official : a suicide bomber in bicycle detonated his explosives ves .
 broad hat-trick boosts england after dravid ton <sec> stuart broad takes hat-trick in 5-0 spell in second test at trent bridge .  england paceman 's feat restricts india to first innings lead of 67 .  rahul dravid scores 34th test century to put india on top .  england trail by 43 with nine wickets left by close of pla .
 iraq bombs kill 25 people as muslims celebrate ramadan <sec> the bombs happened in predominantly shiite areas .  99 people were wounded .  an iraqi soldier and a policeman were killed in separate incident .
 opinion : why are baby boomers so divorce-prone ? <sec> pepper schwartz : baby boomers ' divorce rate doubled while u.s. divorce rate is down .  she says boomers redid rules on marriage and want fulfillment as they age , not tradition .  schwartz : young people face tough economy and are marrying later .  they may not divorce like boomers as they grower older , she say .
 publicist : harrison ford broke his leg on 'star wars ' set <sec> `` his surgery was successful and he will begin rehab shortly , '' publicist says .  disney studios earlier said the 71-year-old actor injured an ankle .  ford is reprising his han solo role for the next `` star wars '' installment .  the movie is filming in buckinghamshire , englan .
 mr. lucas , the 4th is not to be trifled with <sec> holiday created by star wars fans plays on the phrase , `` may the force be with you '' .  starwars.com offered fans an interactive glimpse at the upcoming blu-ray collection .  the official star wars online forums will shut down on june 3 .  fan topher kohan wonders : why do this when release is months away .
 argentina tornado kills 4 , injures 110 , government says <sec> new : most of the town of pozo del tigre was left without electricity or cell phone service .  the dead included a 1-year-old child and an 87-year-old .  ten of the injured are in grave condition , officials said .  the injured suffered blows to the head , fractured limbs and internal injurie .
 showrunner talks about what 's next for 'walking dead ' <sec> `` anything is possible , '' showrunner glen mazzara says of `` the walking dead '' .  new episodes of amc 's zombie-apocalypse drama return in february .  `` our characters are always on the knife 's edge , '' mazzara say .
 pakistan 's tech talents find app success <sec> young tech entrepreneurs converge in lahore to invent new apps .  apps like groopic caught eyes of tech titans like google , samsung , huawei .  apps provide for companies that were previously reluctant to come to pakista .
 46 killed in landslides , floods in vietnam <sec> landslides and flooding leave 46 dead , 21 missing in central vietnam .  homes of 200,000 people and 8,000 hectares of rice fields are underwater .  rescuers saved 18 people after their bus was swept away , but 19 are still missing .  two weeks earlier , 66 people in the region died after record-setting rains caused floodin .
 michelle obama 's father not buried at cemetery after all <sec> new : official corrects confusion , says michelle obama 's dad not buried at cemetery .  fraser robinson iii buried at lincoln cemetery , about two miles from burr oak .  four people face felony charges in an investigation regarding cemetery scheme .  authorities said last week about 300 graves had been disturbe .
 el salvador 's first leftist president inaugurated <sec> mauricio funes is inaugurated as el salvador 's president .  funes of the fmln party is el salvador 's first leftist president .  funes ' political party waged guerrilla war against government till early '90s .  secretary of state hillary clinton among dignitaries at inauguratio .
 hotel chain boosting staff training to fight child prostitution <sec> wyndham worldwide says it is expanding a years-long effort .  it is working with groups that fight child prostitution and trafficking .  the effort follows a police investigation and an internet petitio .
 messi scores four as barcelona rout valencia ; ac milan cruise <sec> lionel messi scores four times as barcelona beat valencia 5-1 in spain 's la liga .  argentina striker takes his tally for the season to 42 goals , 27 in the league .  barca close the gap on league leaders real madrid to ten points .  ac milan go top of italy 's serie a after a 3-1 win away at cesen .
 epl strugglers queens park rangers sack manager warnock <sec> qpr sack manager neil warnock sunday .  warnock led qpr back to the english premier league last season .  qpr owner tony fernandes blames poor recent results .  mark hughes early favorite to succeed warnoc .
 carlos santana : legalize pot , get back to spirit <sec> carlos santana will be opening `` supernatural santana '' in las vegas may 27 .  guitarist says band focuses `` on light and touching people 's hearts '' .  santana believes in legalizing marijuana , wants to emphasize teaching servic .
 talking trayvon with kids is n't exclusive to african-american parents <sec> george zimmerman 's trial has ignited discussions of race , guns and safety .  parents have sat their children down to talk about how others perceive them .  african-american parents have explained that their children might face more scrutiny .  non-african-american parents must discuss race with their kids too , a blogger argue .
 dinosaur bones headed home to mongolia <sec> the dinosaur roamed what is now the gobi desert in mongolia 70 million years ago .  the mongolian government had gone to u.s. courts to try to regain possession .  under mongolian law , dinosaur fossils are property of the mongolian government .  u.s. attorney : `` cultural artifacts are part of the fabric of a country 's history .
 seattle : insider tips <sec> many museums have free admission on the first thursday of the month .  true seattleites do n't use an umbrella -- but you may find you need one .  take a ferry to bainbridge island and you 'll get a unique view of seattle .  seattle is surrounded by spectacular scenery , such as colossal mt . .  rainie .
 can tokyo learn from the american political 'matsuri ' ? <sec> while japanese campaigns are more civilized , the japanese enjoy the more boisterous u.s. election race .  the japanese city of obama formed the `` obama for obama '' group in 2008 .  religion is n't as loud a voice in japanese politics as it is in america , reports barro .
 tall ships : 5 ways to blow your hair back this summer <sec> summer packs a boatload of thrilling tall ship events .  tall ships challenge spans the great lake states from june through september .  san diego hosts west coast 's largest tall ship festival with star of `` master and commander '' .  florida offers chance to see spanish navy training tall ship juan sebastian de elcan .
 obama leak 'scandal ' is wildly overblown <sec> mitt romney , others have called for special prosecutor on national security leaks .  peter bergen : most of the info about drones , stuxnet were known by adversaries .  he says argument that the leaks put u.s. interests and people in jeopardy does n't hold up .  bergen : public discussion of the implications of drones , computer wars is beneficia .
 rolling stones on tour 2 months after death of jagger 's girlfriend <sec> rolling stones are on tour in europe .  norway show was first since death of mick jagger 's girlfriend , l'wren scott .  scott committed suicide in march , shocking band 's frontma .
 top dems deny there 's a party rift <sec> top democrats argue the party remains unified in wake of legislative skirmish .  sen. chuck schumer calls economic issues `` the soul of the democratic party .
 singer lauryn hill released from federal prison <sec> new : lawyer : hill got out a few days early due to `` good behavior , '' among other factors .  lauryn hill is released from a federal prison in danbury , connecticut .  she still faces months of home confinement and supervised probation .  the grammy winner pleaded guilty to failing to pay her federal taxe .
 is the government doing enough to protect us online ? <sec> experts at the black hat conference debate the role of the government in online security .  congress is considering multiple cybersecurity bills .  individuals prize convenience over their own security online , attendees sa .
 guns ok in post office parking lots , federal judge rules <sec> u.s. district court judge ruled in the case of a colorado gun owner .  he may keep his weapon in the car in post office parking lot , judge says .  usps regulations prohibit having a weapon on post office property .  it is still illegal to carry a firearm inside a post offic .
 ex-mayoral aide pleads guilty in detroit scandal <sec> christine beatty pleads guilty to two counts of obstruction of justice .  chief of staff for former detroit , michigan , mayor will serve four months in jail .  she gets probation , $ 100,000 fine ; perjury , misconduct charges to be dropped .  charges stemmed from text-messaging sex scandal involving mayo .
 what does iran want from nuclear talks ? <sec> keynoush says iran wants engagement with the u.s . .  she says iran wants the u.s. to accept iran as a regional player .  says there are clear signs tehran is committed to engagement to achieve its goals .  she says the u.s. should engage but with patienc .
 72,000 pounds of canned chicken salad recalled <sec> the suter company recalls canned chicken salad branded as `` bumble bee '' .  packaged in illinois , the products went to stores and restaurants nationwide .  in unrelated , separate recalls , diana 's mexican food recalled 41,670 pounds of chicken tamales .  and n.y. gourmet salads recalled 12 products that were n't properly inspecte .
 adoptive father of florida twins charged with attempted murder <sec> new : jorge barahona is charged with attempted murder ; home is being searched .  barahona `` attempted to harm himself '' thursday morning , police say .  he `` refused to cooperate '' by not speaking , which postponed his hearing .  cause of daughter 's death has been determined but not made publi .
 top jobs for night owls <sec> national sleep foundation : 41 percent u.s. workers are most productive at night .  disorder causes extreme difficulty to sleep before 2 a.m. , trouble waking early .  pastry chefs , security officers , health care workers have night shifts .  air traffic controllers make $ 117,000 , funeral directors make $ 87,00 .
 new zealand win hong kong rugby sevens title <sec> new zealand win hong kong rugby sevens title .  beat england 26-7 in sunday 's final .  new zealand back to top of hsbc sevens world series .  fiji beat australia for third plac .
 third navy official charged in bribery case <sec> commander steered navy business to contractor , complaint alleges .  payoffs included prostitutes , $ 100,000 , according to u.s. attorney 's office .  u.s. navy cmdr . .  jose luis sanchez charged with conspiracy to commit briber .
 former justice o'connor leads push to end judicial elections <sec> former supreme court justice wants to reform the way judges are chosen .  twenty-one states have some sort of contested system for selecting judges .  reform advocates say campaign contributions can bring judges ' impartiality into question .  elected judge in pennsylvania says it 's `` elitist '' to appoint judge .
 present-day abe lincoln proud of his name <sec> abraham lincoln of washington state is a 23-year-old paralegal .  nation 's 16th president was a distant ancestor .  abraham 's mother says she knew it was the perfect name .  modern-day abraham lincoln hopes for career in public service or politic .
 finding bin laden -- more agatha christie than '24 ' <sec> peter bergen : cia learned of al qaeda operative `` the kuwaiti '' through harsh interrogation .  he says another series of interrogations determined the kuwaiti was bin laden 's courier .  bergen says it 's not clear if the second revelation came before or after harsh techniques .  he says key breakthroughs came from another intelligence service and from cia agent .
 police : accused craigslist killer dead of apparent suicide <sec> new : family of victim says it is `` shocked and dismayed '' at the news .  philip markoff was pronounced dead in his jail cell .  markoff was accused of killing one woman and robbing two others .  authorities believed he met his victims on craigslis .
 bloomberg eyes nyc skyline , sees wind turbines <sec> new york mayor michael bloomberg announced plans to generate power .  plan calls for skyscraper-mounted turbines and offshore wind farms .  tuesday in las vegas , bloomberg challenged companies for ideas .  he did not say specifically which skyscrapers might be part of the pla .
 cbs producer pleads not guilty to trying to blackmail letterman <sec> robert joel `` joe '' halderman charged with attempted grand larceny .  `` 48 hours '' producer has been suspended from duties at cbs .  host says someone threatened to reveal sexual relations unless he paid $ 2 million .  letterman 's dalliances predated his marriage , worldwide pants say .
 dyson sacked as west indies cricket coach <sec> former australian batsman john dyson sacked as coach of the west indies .  dyson , the former sri lankan coach , took charge of the west indies in 2007 .  he was due to take them to next month 's champions trophy in south africa .  the west indies cricket board offered no reason for dyson 's sudden dismissa .
 bradley wiggins upstaged at commonwealth games <sec> there 's still no commonwealth gold for english cyclist bradley wiggins .  his team finishes second behind a quick australia in a team pursuit final .  ross murdoch upsets fellow scot michael jamieson in the pool .  mo farah pulls out of the 5,000 and 10,000 meters because of a stomach illnes .
 kurds report u.s. pressure to accept iraqi election deal <sec> member of parliament says u.s. pushing for agreement on election law .  biden discussed january elections in calls with kurdish political leaders .  kurds have said u.s. proposals favor arabs , turkmen .  iraqi election commission has called for swift passage of election la .
 ashton kutcher says dads diaper , too ! <sec> actor ashton kutcher complained on facebook that men 's rooms do n't have diapering tables .  he offered to give free publicity to the first establishment where he encountered one .  kutcher and his partner , mila kunis , welcomed baby wyatt isabelle in octobe .
 opinion : what amanda knox can and ca n't tell us <sec> amanda knox publishes book , appears on tv five years after roommate was found murdered .  nina burleigh : knox does not come across as authentic and has nothing new to say .  burleigh : the man who knows the truth is in prison for the murder , but focus is on knox .  she was in prison four years , wrongly accused , demonized and endured abuse , she say .
 grand jury : no indictment against father who killed daughter 's alleged abuser <sec> a texas father said he beat a man he found sexually abusing his daughter .  the man died , despite the father 's call to 911 for help and efforts to provide aid .  `` this guy was raping my daughter and i beat him up , '' the crying father says in 911 call .  a grand jury decides no charges against the fathe .
 why ca n't the pope change the catholic church ? <sec> bishops bickered throughout a major meeting on catholic doctrine .  pope francis kept largely silent throughout the debate .  catholic teaching is not easy to chang .
 'blade runner ' pistorius still short of commonwealth games standard <sec> oscar pistorius breaks his paralympic 400-meters record in race in london .  south african sets new time of 47.03 seconds to beat his mark from beijing in 2008 .  double-amputee still outside qualifying time needed for commonwealth games .  americans jeremy wariner and allyson felix dominate at diamond league meetin .
 caf chief hayatou refutes togo were disqualified from cup of nations <sec> caf president issa hayatou has exclusively told cnn that togo were not disqualified from the africa cup of nations . .  hayatou insisted togo had not been expelled from the tournament in angola but were granted dispensation . .  togo flew home on january 9 after three of their travelling party were killed and two players seriously injured by a machine-gun attack .
 candidates , answer the 'malala question ' <sec> suzanne nossel : shooting of 14-year-old girl shows resurgent , repressive taliban .  she says presidential candidates must answer : will they take action to push back ? .  she says in talks on region 's future , women 's rights chronically left out .  nossel : u.s. must tie women 's rights to laws on appropriations , policies in regio .
 20 dead in drone attack in pakistan <sec> the strikes were the first since pakistan agreed to reopen routes .  islamist parties accuse the government of selling out to u.s. demands .  the region is a hotbed for militanc .
 steve jobs ' sister : 'death did n't happen to steve , he achieved it ' <sec> steve jobs and mona simpson did not meet until they were adults .  jobs ' birth parents gave him up for adoption at birth ; his sister was born later .  simpson : `` he said he was going to make something that was going to be insanely beautiful '' .  jobs last words : `` oh wow . .  oh wow . .  oh wow . .
 opinion : phone calls on planes ? please , no ! <sec> fcc is considering rules to allow the use of cell phone during flights .  benet wilson : letting passengers talk nonstop would be like being stuck in hell .  she says the airplane is one of the few places where one can have some quiet .  wilson : there 's no need to ruin anyone 's flight with endless cellphone chatte .
 colombia , farc rebels to start peace talks in norway <sec> the talks will begin in oslo and then move to havana .  colombia 's president says the outlook is good .  the president says there will be no cease-fire while the two are in talks .  the two sides have been a war since the 1960 .
 izzat ibrahim al-douri , aide to saddam hussein , killed <sec> u.s. military does n't have further information to evaluate the iraqi media reports .  al-douri 's body arrives in baghdad where dna samples are taken .  izzat ibrahim al-douri was the highest-ranking member of iraqi president saddam hussein 's regime to evade captur .
 rumors of new ipads heat up as 2012 arrives <sec> rumors about the ipad 3 are heating up as 2012 dawns .  the original ipad was unveiled in january 2010 , ipad 2 in march .  sources expect a higher-resolution screen and faster processor .  many wonder whether apple plans to go after the cheaper , smaller kindle fire 's marke .
 richard iii 's bones reveal taste for luxury food , wine <sec> tests on skeleton of richard iii , a king of england , reveal a liking for the finer things in life .  the remains of the monarch , who ruled for 2 years before he was killed , were found in 2012 .  medieval aristocrats are known to have eaten high-protein diets .  tests also revealed that richard iii had a taste for wine -- perhaps a bottle a da .
 brave photographer who exposed apartheid injustice <sec> new york exhibition is showcasing the work of photographer ernest cole .  the s. african photographer 's images captured black life under apartheid .  his 1967 book , house of bondage , was banned in south africa .  cole died in poverty in exile one week after nelson mandela 's release from priso .
