 living walls : street artists battle blight <sec> twenty artists are in the city to paint 20 murals as part of the living walls project .  the artists aim to transform everyday surfaces into colorful spaces for storytelling .  two murals from last year sparked controversy and were covered .  `` it 's beautiful where it used to be desolate . .  it brings everything alive , '' says one neighbo .
 obama signs off on request for more u.s. troops in iraq <sec> new : obama approves request for more u.s. troops in baghdad , white house says .  scores storm the iraqi parliament building .  families want to know the whereabouts of loved ones after a june isis attack near tikrit .  isis overran a base formerly known as camp speicher and says it killed 1,700 iraqi force .
 can wind towers take the heat off uae 's air-con addiction ? <sec> per capita , dubai is one of the world 's largest consumers of energy , largely for air conditioning .  sustainable cooling could come from adaptation of traditional arabian wind towers .  small lightweight design developed by engineers could be applied to new structure .
 families of philadelphia 'duck boat ' victims get $ 15m settlement <sec> the families of two hungarian students who died will split $ 15 million .  the disabled `` ride the ducks '' tour boat was struck by a barge on july 7 , 2010 .  survivors of crash receive $ 2 million in settlement for $ 17m total .  pilot of the tugboat is serving prison time for causing the acciden .
 farc leader dies in colombian military operation <sec> new : the farc says his death does not spell the end of the guerrilla struggle .  the farc leader 's family asks that his remains be treated with dignity .  alfonso cano took over the farc 's top spot in 2008 .  president says security forces missed the leader by less than a day in jul .
 grosskreutz punishes leverkusen to put dortmund 13 points clear <sec> kevin grosskreutz scores twice as borussia dortmund extend bundesliga lead .  he also sets up third goal for mario gotze in 3-1 win at bayer leverkusen .  leverkusen fall 13 points behind and drop to third place on goal difference .  dortmund , seeking first german league title since 2002 , have 15 wins from 18 matche .
 georgia inmate granted last-minute stays of execution <sec> the 11th u.s . .  circuit court of appeals and the georgia court of appeals grant the stays .  warren lee hill 's attorney says they came within a half hour of the scheduled execution .  hill 's defenders say he 's mentally disabled .  hill was convicted of beating to death another georgia inmate in 199 .
 mary j. blige : 'my spirit is what saved me ' from suicide <sec> mary j. blige 's women 's center a dream come true for the singer , she says .  blige said she considered suicide when a teen , but her spirit would n't allow it .  new center will help women `` from all walks of life .
 anil kapoor : real life rags to riches <sec> anil kapoor played quiz show host kumar in hit movie `` slumdog millionaire '' .  `` slumdog is like my story . .  i also went from rags to riches , '' says kapoor .  he lives in mumbai : `` the city is pulsating , like a roller coaster '' he says .  kapoor says : `` slumdog is very real -- nothing is exaggerated or downplayed .
 get nasty ! england 's mantra to break antipodean netball axis <sec> england 's netball team aiming to become champions of the world by 2019 .  jo harten is their main goalscorer and has 50 caps despite only being 24 .  australia and new zealand are two best sides in the world at present .  harten wants england to match their physicality and break the duopol .
 opinion : world must step in to avert south sudan crisis <sec> hundreds of thousands of refugees have fled conflict in sudan , south sudan border region .  many have taken shelter in jamam camp , but water supplies are running low .  oxfam worker pauline ballaman says international community must take action .  ballaman : `` people need peace , and to be able to go home .
 south carolina governor trumped , must take stimulus money <sec> state supreme court rules 5-0 that governor must accept $ 700 million .  mark sanford made national headlines in his efforts to reject federal stimulus funds .  issue put republican governor at odds with gop-controlled legislature .  students , education officials had filed lawsuits demanding governor take the mone .
 'think like a man too ' has $ 30 million opening <sec> `` think like a man too '' snagged the top spot .  `` jersey boys '' came in fourth place .  `` maleficent '' continued to hold a spot in the top .
 in today 's intelligence hierarchy , who really runs the show ? <sec> dni oversees entire intelligence community ; cia director concentrates on spy agency .  director of national intelligence role arose partly from reforms after 9/11 .  ex-dni and ex-cia director both cite tensions between the organizations .  panetta was pressed on who 's in charge at his confirmation hearin .
 protesters to morsy : roll back your decree or leave <sec> new : egypt 's cabinet chief says there will be no retreat from the constitutional decree .  new : 116 people are reportedly injured in protests throughout the county ; 1 died .  `` i 'm here because this is our country -- all of us , '' a demonstrator says .  a morsy backer says the president has `` overwhelming '' support from egyptian .
 officials : light , booms in sky likely falling russian booster <sec> naval observatory traced path of russian rocket booster at time of witness reports .  descriptions of object match description of space junk , official says .  timing indicates it was likely the russian booster , naval observatory says .  no reports of damage , weather officials sa .
 ronaldo on target as real win la liga opener <sec> world-record signing cristiano ronaldo scores on his debut for real madrid .  real kick off the spanish football season with a 3-2 win at home to deportivo .  raul scores opening goal and ronaldo 's first-half penalty makes it 2-1 .  juan carlos valeron levels for visitors before lassana diarra 's 60th-minute winne .
 wisconsin temple shooting victims : putting others first <sec> new : sons of woman killed : 'she lived for us ' .  satwant singh kaleka was a hero , his son says .  vigils held at sikh temple , other locations .  victim suveg singh educated others about his religio .
 airbus under investigation for involuntary manslaughter in 2009 crash <sec> air france flight 447 mysteriously crashed in the atlantic ocean in 2009 .  all 228 people aboard were killed .  plane manufacturer airbus is now being investigated by a french magistrat .
 ferguson police chief resigns : how did we get here ? <sec> ferguson police chief thomas jackson says he 's stepping down .  critics accused him of raising tensions rather than calming the situation .  jackson defended his department and vowed to work with the communit .
 fisherman catches alligator 'feeding frenzy ' on video <sec> georgia fisherman 's camera catches 300 alligators hunting together .  officials in okefenokee national wildlife refuge says such behavior is unusual .  ray cason was heading out to fish at stephen c. foster state park .  alligators were likely eating mudfish ( bowfin .
 opinion : how twitter helped fallon get leno 's job <sec> ed bark : jay leno still no . .  1 in late night for nbc , but network replacing him with jimmy fallon .  he says nbc says it 's fallon 's time , and that may have much to do with social media .  he says fallon , o'brien can deliver twitter , other followers that leno , letterman ca n't .  bark : network making it clear that 's important . .  but can it turn social media sway into money .
 mom of dead florida teen promises to fight bullying <sec> `` i did my very best to protect you and now i feel like i failed , '' rebecca sedwick 's mother says .  rebecca , 12 , jumped off a silo last month after she was bullied by schoolmates .  rebecca 's mom promises her that she will teach other parents about how serious bullying is .  the father of a teen suspect says his daughter did n't post a nasty message on faceboo .
 report blames poor security , inadequate response in benghazi attack <sec> senate committee finds that terrorists `` walked right into the benghazi compound unimpeded '' .  intelligence community , defense department , congress , obama administration also blamed .  `` flashing red : a special report on the terrorist attack at benghazi '' released monday .  the september 11 attack killed a u.s. ambassador and three other american .
 suarez snubs evra handshake as utd go top <sec> luis suarez and patrice evra feud ignited as man utd and liverpool clash at old trafford .  wayne rooney scores a brace as united go a point clear at top of english premier leagu .
 n. korea : clinton 'funny lady , by no means intelligent ' <sec> n. korea launches personal attack on u.s. secretary of state hillary clinton .  spokesman called clinton `` by no means intelligent '' and a `` funny lady '' .  she had earlier likened leadership in pyongyang to `` small children '' .  communist state made clear that stalled nuclear talks are effectively finishe .
 obama pardons two turkeys at white house ceremony <sec> the president celebrates the 63rd anniversary of national thanksgiving turkey presentation .  the california-born turkeys being pardoned are 21 weeks old and weigh 45 pounds each .  former president george h.w . .  bush granted the first turkey pardon in 198 .
 students recount horror of pakistan school attack <sec> `` the bodies were falling in front of us , '' a wounded student tells cnn .  another boy says he used his school tie as a tourniquet as he fled the carnage .  teacher : gunmen told students if they got up , they would n't be hurt -- and then shot them .  `` o god , why did you snatch away my son ? '' .  cries the mother of a 12-year-old who die .
 congo swings into action to save chimps <sec> republic of congo extend protection of pristine natural habitat .  goualougo triangle home to unique population of great apes .  100-mile plus extension of protected area guards against hunting and promotes stud .
 nba committee to talk about sterling uproar <sec> nba advisory and finance committee meets thursday .  sterling sued the nba in 1984 .  oprah winfrey , david geffen , oracle co-founder larry ellison want to partner to buy team .  other suitors : magic johnson , matt damon , `` diddy '' combs , dr. dr .
 9/11 survivors troubled by asthma , ptsd <sec> working group looked at more than 100 studies done since 2001 .  survivors reported higher levels of ptsd and respiratory problems such as asthma .  more federal funds needed for medical services for at-risk groups , panel says .  watch 9/11 memorials in new york and washington on cnn.com liv .
 south african girl 's skin graft successful so far <sec> first-of-its-kind south african skin graft appears to be taking , a spokeswoman says .  doctors hope to wake 3-year-old isabella `` pippi '' kruger by thursday .  she had third-degree burns on 80 % of her body , and complications are still possible .  she could be well enough for physical therapy next week , the spokeswoman say .
 homeland security chief arrives in afghanistan <sec> new : napolitano visits a key crossing point on the afghanistan-pakistan border .  the trip comes as u.s. officials are working to help strengthen afghanistan 's border police .  napolitano is scheduled to meet with senior u.s. and afghan officials .  the visit is part of a week-long trip that also includes stops in qatar , israel and belgiu .
 rescuers search for atlanta tornado victims <sec> new : at least 20 homes flattened by tornado in atlanta .  apartment building collapses as tornado hits atlanta .  search for survivors amid apartment debris could take days .  at least 15 people injured , hotel evacuated during stor .
 vatican suspends german bishop amid spending investigation <sec> germany 's franz-peter tebartz-van elst has been called the `` bling bishop '' .  the bishop 's residence in limburg , germany , underwent a $ 42 million renovation .  the vatican says the bishop must stay outside his diocese during the investigatio .
 opinion : letting knives on planes would be insane <sec> bob greene : napolitano will be responsible if decision to allow knives on planes brings disaster .  greene : rule would allow blades under 2.36 inches . .  but knives were used in 9/11 attacks .  he says airline workers and some lawmakers are opposed ; napolitano so far wo n't budge .  greene : what if an angry or drunk passenger loses control ? .  the new rule is insanit .
 clinton to be named u.n. envoy to haiti <sec> official announcement is coming tuesday .  clinton visited nation in march with his wife and u.n. chief .  it is the poorest country in the western hemispher .
 the laws of sexual attraction <sec> sex therapist dr. laura berman : `` we are innately all puppies in heat '' .  says woman are attracted to men by their smell .  psychologist lisa debruine says men find ovulating women more attractive .  the higher a woman 's voice , the more attractive men find her , expert say .
 nigeria rocked by 2nd day of nationwide protests <sec> new : `` revolution has come to nigeria and the youth will spearhead it , '' a local journalist says .  16 people have died and 205 are injured following clashes , a red cross report says .  tensions are high in some areas , including edo in the south and kano to the north .  the government 's decision to end the subsidy has more than doubled fuel price .
 6 dishes every bali visitor needs to try <sec> originally eaten only during hindu ceremonies , these balinese dishes can now be found in tiny local cafes and high-end restaurants .  every village has its own version of lawar , a mix of vegetables , grated coconut meat , minced meat and fresh blood .  tucking into ikan bakar ( grilled fish ) seaside in jimbaran bay is a quintessential bali dining experienc .
 opinion : what really went wrong in the zimmerman trial <sec> walter olson : those upset with verdict call for giving new powers to prosecutors .  olson : the unintended effect of this would be that more black men would end up in prisons .  he says what really went wrong in the zimmerman case is the prosecution 's misdeeds .  olson : to help minorities in the justice system , do n't look to taking away defendants ' right .
 colleague , family : iranian-american no spy <sec> iranian media report amir hekmati is sentenced to death .  his family and a former colleague deny he would have been involved in espionage .  hekmati was arrested in august while visiting relatives in ira .
 arsenal end trophy drought with dramatic fa cup win <sec> arsenal 's nine-year wait for a trophy is over following fa cup triumph against hull city .  arsene wenger 's side fightback from two goals down to win 3-2 in extra tim .
 protesters rally against government in djibouti <sec> riot police responded with tear gas , witness says .  protesters are calling for the resignation of the president .  president guelleh and his family have ruled the country for 34 years .  djibouti is home to a major u.s. military bas .
 nfl suspends adrian peterson without pay for season <sec> commissioner says adrian peterson 's son suffered `` criminal physical abuse '' .  peterson will appeal nfl decision to suspend him without pay for season .  peterson had a felony child abuse charge lessened to misdemeanor reckless assault .  goodell : rehab , counseling , obeying law and league policy will dictate reinstatemen .
 chelsea run rampant again to match arsenal 's six-goal effort <sec> chelsea thrash wigan in late match for a second successive 6-0 victory in new season .  double winners follow up thrashing of west brom as nicolas anelka scores twice .  arsenal winger theo walcott scores hat-trick in 6-0 victory over 10-man blackpool .  gareth bale nets twice in tottenham 's controversial 2-1 win away to stoke cit .
 democrats face tough fight on gun control after tucson shootings <sec> stiff resistance to gun control remains despite the 6 killed and 13 wounded .  democratic sen. schumer : `` there have n't been the votes in congress '' .  republicans cite failure to detect mental illness , not lax gun law .
 human trafficking case against saudi princess dropped <sec> district attorney says meshael alayban did n't hold domestic servant against her will .  servant also alleged that she was denied health care and that she was n't paid as promised .  prosecutor : servant did get health care , and other allegations did n't hold up .  alayban was arrested in california after servant went to polic .
 azerbaijan fights to protect horse from extinction <sec> the karabakh horse is azerbaijan 's national animal .  there are less than 1,000 karabakh bred horses left in the world .  the government is running a horse breeding programs to save the animal from extinctio .
 pinterest releases new ipad and android apps <sec> pinterest announces new apps for android tablets and smartphones .  the popular social-bookmarking service also rolls out its first ipad app .  the shift to mobile is the latest major move by the company to reach new follower .
 source : caroline kennedy vetted for japanese ambassador post <sec> the daughter of jfk provided key support to president obama in his 2008 campaign .  she is the best-known living member of one of america 's most influential political familie .
 madonna 's ex-teacher 's quest for equine perfection <sec> fox-pitt risks life and limb in his bid to remain the world 's no.1 three-day event rider .  he has toyed with quitting the sport after the deaths of close friends and horses .  when madonna lived in the uk , he used to teach the `` queen of pop '' how to ride .  his heart is now set on winning a so-far elusive olympic gold medal in 201 .
 youtube gets its biggest makeover ever <sec> youtube switched its homepage for every user worldwide on thursday .  the popular online video service now sees itself as a descendent of cable tv .  youtube is also making it easier to post videos on facebook and twitter .  youtube says more redesigns are comin .
 police : uk captives met suspect through 'shared political ideology ' <sec> a couple is alleged to have held three women captive in london for more than 30 years .  police arrested the pair thursday but later released them on bail until january .  on saturday police said the couple were of tanzanian and indian origin .  two of the victims appeared to have met the man through 'a shared political ideology .
 fbi crackdown nabs pimps , rescues children <sec> the bay area and detroit have the most arrests and child rescues .  the fbi says the three-day undercover operation is its biggest to date .  105 children across the country are rescued in the nationwide operation .  the ages of the children involved range from 13 to 1 .
 iran 's oil revenue problem <sec> the iea has suggested iraq surpassed iran in output for the first time in over 20 years .  the iranian people are faced with spiralling inflation and job layoffs within the state sector .  iranian oil revenues in the country plummeted 40 percent , while gas export revenues fell by 45 .
 which russian companies have been hit by the west ? <sec> the west has introduced sanctions on russia .  the move is in reaction to the ukraine crisi .
 argentina dictatorship files reveal 'blacklists ' <sec> 1,500 files from the argentine dictatorship were uncovered .  the files include blacklists of some cultural icons .  human rights groups say there is still a lot of work to d .
 victoria falls ... without the bungee jumping <sec> victoria falls is n't just about bungee jumping -- it offers rafting , wildlife and river trips .  the falls stretch 1.7 kilometers , on the border of zambia and zimbabwe .  february and march is when the falls are at their most spectacular .  elephants , zebras , giraffes and hippos all live in the surrounding park .
 missing cameroon athletes may be looking for 'greener pastures ' <sec> an olympic official from cameroon believes defection is likely .  the seven athletes -- six men and a woman -- walked away from the olympic village .  headlines in cameroon refer to the athletes as `` missing .
 carter meets with political leader of hamas in syria <sec> hamas says five-hour meeting ends late sunday in damascus , syria 's capital .  carter 's appeal for release of israeli solider captured in 2006 is rejected .  u.s. , israeli governments criticized previous meetings between carter , hama .
 six ways to jazz up thanksgiving <sec> make new thanksgiving traditions this year .  bathe endangered elephants in thailand .  find inner peace at a costa rican yoga retrea .
 olympic luger 's death ruled an accident <sec> kumaritashvili died during a practice run for the 2010 vancouver olympics .  report : a luging official said the track ran faster than the designer 's calculations .  a coroner recommends officials for sliding sports conduct review .
 feds lay out funds misuse case against jesse jackson jr . <sec> purchases include michael jackson items , prosecutors say .  charges over alleged misuse of campaign funds .  jesse jackson jr. says he has no excuses .  his wife is charged with filing false tax return .
