 missouri guard on ferguson protesters : 'enemy forces ' - cnnpolitics.com <sec> the national guard 's language worries those who objected to the tactics used in quelling riots .  the language is contained in internal mission briefing .
 european crude drives up u.s. gas prices <sec> the average u.s. gasoline price is $ 3.51 per gallon , the lundberg survey finds .  north sea oil is driving u.s. pump prices , the survey 's publisher says .  top prices were on long island ; the cheapest gas was in denve .
 myanmar sets up commission to probe clashes between buddhists , muslims <sec> the june clashes leave at least 62 people dead in rakhine .  myanmar 's president highlights the need to form an internal commission .  the commission consists of various groups , including activists and entrepreneurs .  the international community has welcomed the nation 's political reform .
 penn jillette : beatles , bootlegs and vermeer <sec> penn jillette : as a kid , i thought the beatles recorded their songs without a hitch .  he says bootleg recordings showed him the mistakes and rigors of creative process .  genius does n't mean doing everything right the first time , he says .  jillette : my friend tim jenison showed process in detail as he tried to paint a vermee .
 amid reports of tebow signing , patriots ready for first practice <sec> tim tebow has been praised , criticized for showing his christian faith .  he also has critics who say he 's not talented enough to play pro football .  tebow played with the new york jets last season after two seasons in denver .  he played quarterback and other positions on offense with the jet .
 supreme court spectator interrupts justices <sec> man seated in courtroom began talking loudly about campaign finance reform .  spectator outbursts are rare at supreme court .  the justices ignored the incident , and the man was led out by securit .
 japan intervenes to weaken yen <sec> azumi : `` foreign exchange rates should reflect the real economy '' .  the yen went up to a post-war high of 75.32 per dollar .  the government is worried that a strengthened yen will impact its economy , which relies heavily on export .
 kim kardashian 's selfie orgy ( opinion ) <sec> kim kardashian is compiling a 352-page book of selfies titled `` selfish '' .  pepper schwartz : normal people would find this extreme , but not the queen of narcissism .  she says kim k is a canny self-promoter ; it 's when you just love yourself so much 24/7 .  schwartz : why are young women so entranced with kardashian .
 scandals put a spotlight on france 's hidden sexism , privacy laws <sec> the strauss-kahn affair and the tron incident have helped raise awareness .  former education minister luc ferry says he knows of an official who abused children .  `` i hope this will change things , '' a former minister 's mistress says .  roselyne bachelot : `` how could i not rejoice the end of impunity ? .
 what cruise lines do n't want you to know <sec> james walker : carnival triumph was a rerun of splendor , which also had engine room fire .  walker : fires are frequent on cruise ships , investigations of illness outbreaks rushed .  he says industry avoids u.s. labor laws , taxes , oversight by incorporating in foreign nations .  cruises are cheap because crews work long hours for little pay , ships are run 24/7 , he say .
 jordan 's prince to seek fifa presidency <sec> `` the headlines should be about football , not about fifa , '' says prince ali bin al hussein .  fifa president sepp blatter wants to run for a fifth term .  prince ali only real credible challenger to blatter .  frenchman jerome champagne will also contest electio .
 opinion : can de blasio keep promise to end inequality ? <sec> errol louis says speakers at inauguration of nyc mayor de blasio slammed his predecessor .  it was partly as political overreach on issue of inequality , implicating bloomberg , he says .  but solving inequality not so easy , relies on factors largely out of a mayor 's reach , he says .  louis : de blasio promises to reverse inequality ; nation will indeed be watching to see ho .
 hundreds dead , injured in gaza as israeli airstrikes continue <sec> new : palestinian envoy calls on united nations to condemn deadly violence in gaza .  new : hamas-run television station al-aqsa tv destroyed early sunday morning .  death toll climbs to 225 , 400 injured as airstrikes continue through night .  one israeli killed in rocket attack reported by hamas military wing , sources sa .
 isis kills 300 members of sunni tribe , iraqi government says <sec> pentagon says death toll number is probably accurate .  iraq government puts death toll from isis executions at 322 from one sunni tribe .  some of those killed were women and children , tribal leader claims .  u.s. says killings are further proof iraqis must work with coalition to defeat isi .
 colombian hitmen reveal horror of the kill <sec> colombian hitmen talk about their careers to cnn .  one says a kill costs between $ 2,000 and $ 10,000 .  second hitman : after the first kill you panic , the second is a medicine .  they live in medellin , the colombian city in the middle of a drug wa .
 listen to lady gaga -- be kind , stop bullying <sec> lady gaga is officially launching a foundation to inspire kids to be kind and brave .  kathleen mccartney and richard weissbourd : bullying is not an intractable problem .  they say that bullying has deep roots in adult behaviors and attitudes that can be changed .  while bullying is pervasive , a full-blown media campaign can combat i .
 she risked her life to continue pregnancy <sec> elizabeth joice underwent chemotherapy to beat cancer in 2010 .  one month into her pregnancy , the cancer returned .  joice decided to not have an mri to see how far the cancer had spread .  she died less than two months after giving birth to lil .
 former croatian pm arrested in austria on corruption allegations <sec> new : ivo sanader was arrested in salzburg , official says .  sanader is wanted for abuse of position and power in croatia .  a party member claims sanader will return to croatia to prove his innocence .  interpol and croatian prosecutors accuse sanader of fraud and corruptio .
 report : 'hidden income ' makes china 's rich wealthier than thought <sec> survey : china 's urban rich are making far more than they officially report .  researchers found unreported `` gray income '' was 6.2 trillion yuan ( u.s. $ 1 trillion ) .  suggests the top 10 % of households earn nearly 21 times more than the poorest .  `` the richer the household , the more likely it receives shadow income .
 steroid test results among feds ' evidence in bonds perjury case <sec> new : bonds ' attorneys are seeking to keep many of the documents out of court .  new : evidence will include phone conversation about `` injecting the defendant '' .  new : hearing in the perjury case is scheduled for thursday .  steroid test results and notes from ex-trainer among documents unseale .
 deaf man , imprisoned for years , set free on new evidence <sec> new : stephen brodie has been released from prison .  brodie says police harassed and took advantage of him to get him to confes .
 presidential regrets ? they have a few <sec> middle east leaves george h.w . .  bush and bill clinton with some regrets .  bush wonders whether he should have pressed harder for saddam 's surrender .  clinton looks back at palestinian-israeli peace process with some remorse .  presidents should share their mistakes as a learning tool , clinton say .
 great skin from this day forward <sec> a study found sunscreen also protects against free radicals -- the molecules that cause aging .  pick an eye cream that has antioxidants high on the ingredient list .  for light sun spots , try an otc bleaching crea .
 not even nostalgia could save kodak <sec> kodak , longtime photography giant , filed for bankruptcy thursday .  company made photography commonplace , which helped lead to its demise .  digital has taken over ; kodak has n't been able to compete .  company was pioneer in advertising , particularly in evoking nostalgi .
 on new orleans visit , obama tells critics , 'i 'm just getting started ' <sec> new : `` i never thought any of this was going to be easy , '' he says at university .  president not visiting other gulf coast areas damaged by katrina in 2005 .  some local republicans have decried obama 's visit as too short .  but white house cites other visits by him , senior officials since stor .
 human to hero : the world 's fastest woman ? <sec> cnn talks to jamaican double 200-meter gold medalist veronica campbell-brown .  she could make history if she wins a third gold at london 2012 .  campbell-brown hails from trelawny , the same parish that produced usain bolt .  last year she ran the 100 meters in 10.76 second , the second fastest time in histor .
 giants fan apologizes for throwing banana at adam jones <sec> mlb to investigate incident at orioles-giants game sunday .  orioles centerfield adam jones angry after claiming a fan threw a banana at him .  jones took to twitter to voice his displeasure .  the giants apologize for the inciden .
 brazil overtake spain on top of fifa rankings <sec> brazil are back at the top of the fifa world rankings after a two-year absence .  dunga 's side return to head of the list after winning recent confederations cup .  european champions spain drop to second position after their semifinal defea .
 munch 's 'the scream ' hits moma in new york city <sec> the exhibit opened wednesday and runs through april 2013 .  the iconic work fetched nearly $ 120 million at sotheby 's auction house in may .  the previous record for a munch work of art tallied just over $ 38 millio .
 nypd 's notorious 'mafia cops ' sentenced to life <sec> louis eppolito , 60 , was sentenced to life in prison plus 100 years .  stephen caracappa , 67 , received life in prison plus 80 years .  prosecutors : men killed mobster during a phony traffic stop ; were paid monthly .  authorities say mafia viewed them as `` crystal ball '' of classified informatio .
 nearly a dozen militants dead after bagram attack <sec> nearly 12 insurgents , 1 u.s. contractor killed in attack on bagram air base .  the taliban said 20 armed men in suicide vests stormed the base .  u.s. official says insurgents did n't breach bagram .  militants have lobbed rockets into base in previous attack .
 bodybuilding and fitness pioneer , schwarzenegger mentor weider dies <sec> joe weider created mr. olympia , ms. olympia and various fitness competitions .  he also published magazines such as shape , men 's fitness and flex .  schwarzenegger describes him as kind , generous and `` a titan in the fitness industry '' .  weider died saturday at a los angeles hospital ; he was 9 .
 kenya double in london marathon as mo farah trails home on debut <sec> kenya 's wilson kipsang wins london marathon .  compatriot stanley biwott finishes second .  home hope mo farah trails home in eighth spot .  edna kiplagat wins women 's race for keny .
 o.j . simpson appeals conviction <sec> attorneys for o.j . .  simpson are appealing his 2008 conviction .  simpson is currently serving a prison term of up to 33 years .  the famed football star was sentenced on charges including armed robbery .  simpson 's lawyers are claiming his trial was `` fundamentally unfair .
 mexico sees hope among drug violence <sec> mexican national security spokesman says killings down in last trimester 2010 , despite record high for year .  he says targeting crime bosses and hiring more security forces is beginning to get results .  he said the availability of high-powered guns in the u.s. for mexican criminals is hurting bilateral security .  and he added cross-border relations were significant , fruitful and productiv .
 suspect in philadelphia abduction faces more charges <sec> new : the virginia victim 's mother on the suspect : 'i just want to kill him ' .  delvin barnes is on suicide watch at a virginia jail .  he is charged in the alleged abduction of a 16-year-old girl in virginia last month .  he then abducted a 22-year-old philadelphia woman near her home , authorities sa .
 liverpool agree assaidi move , as sunderland , newcastle seal new signings <sec> liverpool have agreed a deal for winger oussama assaidi .  sunderland have signed striker louis saha on a free transfer .  newcastle have completed the signing of vurnon anita .  anita was described as `` exceptionally talented '' by his new manage .
 'finish strong ' to rebuild new orleans <sec> liz mccartney was 2008 cnn hero of the year for her work in new orleans .  she and co-founder of her nonprofit say much has been accomplished in five years .  still , they say , many families lack acceptable housing .  new orleans needs to `` finish strong '' the way the saints did in the nfl , co-authors sa .
 when rape jokes are n't funny <sec> julie burton , michelle kinsey bruns : men , women seem to disagree on comic 's rape joke .  they say many men do n't seem to get the joke reflected extreme end of rape culture .  they say threat of rape used to define boundaries for women 's behavior ; joke did this , too .  men see rape in jokes as an abstraction , but it 's real for women , writers sa .
 opinion : detroit , the 'used to be ' city <sec> heidi ewing : people in detroit always talk about how pretty , how lively , things used to be .  ewing grew up in suburbs , but she loved the snapshots of her parents in 1960s detroit .  she wanted to film the `` comeback city , '' but found desperate people on the margins .  ewing decided to turn camera on the folks who stayed to bring detroit back to its vibrant pas .
 new gym turns workouts into watts <sec> gym which generates electricity from workouts installed in uk city .  the great outdoor gym company say the community has generated around 40,000 watt hours so far .  uk company say idea has attracted interest from local authorities around the world .  uk-based scientist says gym is `` a really beautiful concept and it uses existing technology in a novel way .
 ayahuasca : could it be the next medicinal marijuana ? <sec> ayahuasca , or yage , is a brew made from a plant in the amazon .  some believe it can help with mental trauma and ptsd .  but there have been some deaths associated with it .  go inside an ayahuasca ceremony on `` this is life with lisa ling '' at 10 p.m . .  et on cn .
 the architect designing world 's iconic buildings from a warehouse <sec> amanda levete is working on a much-anticipated extension to london 's victoria and albert museum .  she won the stirling prize for her iconic media center at lord 's cricket ground .  levete is running her own practice after 20 years with her late former husband jan kaplick .
 chinese toddler dies a week after being hit by cars , ignored by passersby <sec> new : `` we feel deep pain and shame as everybody does , '' a hospital says .  two hit-and-run drivers seriously injured the girl last week .  video showed more than a dozen people passing by the 2-year-old .  her story spurred intense debate about morals in chinese societ .
 syria denies involvement in lebanon bombing <sec> new : hezbollah rejects juppe 's accusation .  syria says france is `` adopting conspiracy theories '' .  france 's foreign minister : `` strong reason '' to believe syria was behind the attack .  five french u.n. troops were wounded in a blast frida .
 amazon indians accused of cannibalizing farmer <sec> five members of the kulina tribe on the run after being accused of cannibalism .  they are accused of murdering , butchering and eating a farmer in a ritual act .  victim was herding cattle when he met indians who invited him back to their village .  suspected indians escaped after being held for a few hours at a police statio .
 malaysia airlines crash prompts flight detours <sec> the faa prohibits u.s. flight operations over eastern ukraine .  airlines are diverting flights around the area .  tensions in the region prompted some airspace restrictions earlier this year .  crash site was not within airspace prohibited by u.s. regulator .
 venezuela cuts ties with panama , calling country a u.s. 'lackey ' <sec> venezuelan president nicolas maduro cuts diplomatic , political ties with panama .  he accuses panama of conspiring against venezuela , being a `` lackey '' for the united states .  panamanian president ricardo martinelli says he wants peace and democracy for venezuel .
 n.j. cop injured in shootout dies day before 38th birthday <sec> marc dinardo was one of five officers injured in new jersey shootout last week .  two suspects were killed in shootout ; dinardo was shot twice in face .  dinardo 's family plans to donate his organs , medical center 's president say .
 midterms : vote for tomorrow 's leaders ( opinion ) <sec> david gergen : american politics needs new perspectives and a new generation of leaders .  two candidates epitomize the new style of leadership aiming to solve problems , he says .  gergen : can we transform our political culture and lift america out of the ditch .
 creating 9/11 memorials a slow process <sec> world trade center memorial plaza scheduled to open in 2011 , museum in 2012 .  memorial at pennsylvania plane crash site also due to open in 2011 .  pentagon memorial including benches , trees , pools is dedicated thursday .  watch 9/11 memorials in new york and washington on cnn.com liv .
 f1 supremo ecclestone defends struggling schumacher <sec> bernie ecclestone says recent criticism of f1 legend michael schumacher is `` unfair '' .  the german driver is yet to win a race since his return to the sport with mercedes this season .  championship leader lewis hamilton suggested schumacher is too old to compete at top .  seven-time world champion , 41 , says he has a long-term project at mercede .
 bahrain protesters make camp beneath capital landmark <sec> new : protesters make camp in manama 's pearl roundabout early wednesday .  the king calls for a probe of the deaths and a committee to study reforms .  a man was at a funeral procession for a protester when he was fatally injured .  ali abdulhadi mushaima died after being shot monda .
 aeg lawyer concedes : michael jackson is dead <sec> aeg 's lawyer refused to stipulate michael jackson is dead at a hearing last week .  `` absolutely , '' he says when asked again wednesday if he 'd agree jackson is dead .  detective : money woes may have led dr. conrad murray to `` break the rules '' .  murray 's clinic was being evicted , home in foreclosure when hired as jackson 's docto .
 'slingo ' game comes to facebook <sec> `` slingo '' will have updated features to make the game interactive on facebook .  `` slingo '' is played by more than 55 million people through online , mobile and casino games .  the game 's creators are partnering with zynga , maker of such popular social games as `` farmville .
 caught in a gunfight : cnn producer 's account of thai election violence <sec> cnn reporter kocha olarn saw pro-election protester shot in the chest .  gunmen with anti-government protesters fired towards pro-election ralliers .  olarn escaped by crawling awa .
 students face possible expulsion after fending off intruder with gun <sec> gonzaga university says students could be kicked out for violating the school 's weapons policy .  erik fagan and daniel mcintosh used a pistol to scare away a convicted felon from their apartment .  the apartment is not on campus but is owned by the university .  in a disciplinary hearing , the students were found guilty of two infractions of school policy , their attorney sai .
 fatal shooting at german courthouse <sec> german tv : two people killed in a shooting at a courthouse .  report : gunmen believed to have killed himself .  court spokesman : reported that there was `` no more danger '' .  landshut is about 55 kilometers northeast of munic .
 eto'o edges closer to inter exit as anzhi agree deal <sec> inter milan and anzhi makhachkala have reached a deal for the transfer of samuel eto'o .  eto'o will now travel to russia to undergo a medical and sign a three-year deal .  anzhi have already signed yuri zhirkov , balazs dzsudzsak and roberto carlos this yea .
 wanted u.s. marshal 's body found in mexico <sec> marshal 's body found in border town of juarez , mexico .  u.s . .  marshals service has no comment on cause of death .  marshal had been accused of theft of public property , service spokesman say .
 wwii vet frozen to death leaves estate to hospital <sec> martin schur , 93 , froze to death in his home last month ; leaves estate to hospital .  attorney wo n't disclose amount ; relative says it 's likely in excess of $ 500,000 .  `` hopefully his death is not in vain and we can learn from this , '' nephew says .  the death has prompted a state investigation into the manner in which he die .
 selena remembered : 20 years after her death <sec> selena 's music attracted latino fans in the u.s. and spanish-speaking fans abroad .  she had to learn spanish to conduct interviews in spanish-speaking countries .  her english-language album went to no . .  1 on billboard 's top 200 chart after she die .
 review : 'wolverine ' does n't cut it <sec> `` x-men origins : wolverine '' has all the drawbacks , none of heart of comic-book film .  film has wonderful cgi effects , but to what end ? .  star hugh jackman tries hard , but script , pacing let him dow .
 have yourself a merry atheist christmas ! <sec> fox news ' bill o'reilly says left-wing loons are waging war on christmas , ruining it for kids .  penn jillette says the monkees were his entry drug to real , hardcore rock 'n ' roll .  jillette : could the monkees be a strategy ? .  `` happy holidays '' as entry to `` pure christmas '' ? .  meanwhile , he says , ca n't we just call it `` the honest disagreement about christmas ? .
