 firefighters try to corral colorado blaze that 's destroyed 181 homes <sec> new : the forecast calls for breezy conditions and highs in the 90s through tuesday .  new : at least 181 homes have been destroyed by the wildfire , authorities say .  the u.s. agriculture secretary praises fire crews ' work in preventing more damage .  the fire has scorched more than 54,000 acres west of fort collins , colorad .
 opinion : d.c. crisis could jump-start the case for reform <sec> julian zelizer : 2014 campaign could provide unusual opportunity for congressional reformers .  he says americans are fed up with the partisan battle in washington and would welcome change .  sen. ted cruz is providing an example of how obstructionism gains support from party base , he says .  zelizer : some modest reforms could make congress more productiv .
 sarkozy considering return to french politics <sec> patriotic `` duty '' may force former president sarkozy back to politics , he tells a magazine .  he says he balks at picking up france `` where the socialist party will leave it '' .  a poll says 56 % of his party supporters want him to be the candidate in 201 .
 would you choose your child 's gender ? <sec> technology that lets parents choose their children 's gender is becoming more mainstream .  some experts believe that it 's wrong to use such technology for non-medical purposes .  cnn asked people around the world if they would choose their child 's gende .
 bomb rips through shiite enclave in pakistan , kills dozens <sec> at least 78 people are killed and 180 wounded , police say .  attack hit a shiite hazara community .  pakistan 's prime minister and president condemn the attac .
 pope francis washes feet of disabled people in easter celebration <sec> pope francis washed the feet of 12 people at a home for the elderly and disabled .  ceremony is traditionally carried out on holy thursday , to remember jesus ' last supper .  until last year , pontiff washed the feet of members of the clergy .  pope francis broke with tradition , to include `` ordinary '' people ; women and non-christian .
 pro-palestinian rally in new york turns violent <sec> seven police officers hurt ; injuries range from minor to serious .  at least nine protesters in manhattan 's upper west side arrested .  nypd says officers hurt trying to break up fight between demonstrators .  coordinator of security for rally says officers maced protesters ; police deny allegatio .
 scores killed by flash floods in afghanistan <sec> more than 70 people in a district east of kabul die , local leader says .  fast-moving waters wipe away villages and destroy homes .  other villagers lost in nuristan and khost provinces , government say .
 rodney king , 20 years later <sec> it has been 20 years since the police beating of rodney king .  there were riots after none of the cops involved were criminally charged .  today , king has moved on with his life : he 's a grandfather , and he 's engaged to a juror .  cnn 's `` race and rage '' airs friday and saturday at 8 p.m. e .
 protesters in jordan demand political , economic reforms <sec> protestors demonstrate in amman and six other jordanian cities , a police spokesman says .  demonstrators urge reforms to address unemployment , low wages and high prices .  protesters express solidarity with those in egypt , saying , `` your redemption is near .
 carnival fever seizes brazil as parades , block parties kick off <sec> pounding drums and fireworks explosions announce the start of each samba school .  the five-day carnival in rio started friday .  neighborhoods across the city host block parties that attract thousand .
 boeing will recommend more frequent maintenance checks on 767 aircraft <sec> american airlines found cracks on two 767-300 aircraft .  boeing says it will recommend more frequent checks of 767 aircraft .  cause of cracks is still unknown , testing is underway .  about 260 planes could be affected by the recommendatio .
 style and comfort - it must be an energy saving house <sec> stainless steel appliances , hardwood floors , and columns convey suburban comfort .  'net-zero house ' is aimed at energy efficiency and is the nation 's newest science lab .  a virtual family of four will 'live ' in the house and will test climate , water and other system .
 andy samberg to host the 2015 emmys <sec> actor , comedian and star of `` brooklyn nine-nine '' andy samberg will host the 2015 emmys .
 feds bar deadly race 's organizers during inquiry <sec> organizers of a race that turned deadly are barred from racing on public land .  the california highway patrol says it will not file criminal charges against the driver .  the driver says he is devastated by the incident .  saturday night 's crash left eight people dea .
 tiger woods says , 'i am so sorry ' in public apology <sec> new : tiger woods `` apologized and made his position clear , '' nike says .  the golfer said he has been in therapy for `` issues , '' which he did not explain .  he says wife never hit him as media reported in connection with november car crash .  woods , 34 , has taken an indefinite break from his professional golfing caree .
 video games did n't cause newtown rampage <sec> consistent accounts indicate that adam lanza played a lot of violent video games .  christopher j. ferguson : there is no evidence linking video games to mass shootings .  he says people tend to see an illusion of correlation when there is none .  ferguson : even if we can regulate violence in games , it would n't stop mass shooter .
 more security is n't the only answer <sec> pedro noguera says public safety ca n't rely on gun laws and police presence alone .  noguera : we rely on a social contract that says to live safely we give up some freedoms .  as community and religion bonds weaken , we find ourselves at greater risk , he writes .  he says we must restrict access to guns but also work to strengthen community bond .
 legal or not , crimean referendum will shape ukraine crisis <sec> russia backs a crimea-only vote about joining it or staying with ukraine .  the united states and its european allies say such a referendum is illegal .  to russia , the ousting of the elected ukraine government was illegal .  at issue is whether constitutional authority exists in ukrain .
 on the ground in syria : 'for god 's sake , this is too much ' <sec> new : `` everyone 's becoming used to death here , '' an activist in homs says .  syrians endure a hellish existence amid government 's crackdown .  images shot by activists paint a starkly different picture than official government accounts .  `` we are getting killed every moment , '' an activist say .
 rights group berates west over somalia failure <sec> bush policies blamed for `` breeding the very extremism that it is supposed to defeat '' .  report : european govts failed to address `` human rights dimensions of the crisis '' .  somalia 's ethiopian-backed transitional government battling islamic militias .  fighting has driven more than a million people from their home .
 cost of elaborate funerals puts strain on africans <sec> funerals in south africa create a big financial burden for poor families .  expenses include buying coffins , providing food and arranging for transportation .  the costs of funerals are shared by the relatives but they 're still difficult to bear .  in many cases , families turn to money lenders to cover the cost .
 forensic testimony offered in amanda knox appeal <sec> new : a police forensic expert testifies about methods used in initial dna examination .  new : curt knox says his daughter is `` anxious ... looking forward to a decision '' .  victim 's sister says meredith kercher has been forgotten in the `` media frenzy '' .  amanda knox was convicted of killing roommate kercher in 2009 and sentenced to 26 year .
 vowing transparency , obama oks ethics guidelines <sec> new : obama retakes oath of office wednesday night .  new : obama meets with military advisers to assess situations in iraq , afghanistan .  administration drafting executive orders calling for guantanamo bay 's closure .  president to freeze pay for senior staff , signs ethics guideline .
 4 killed , 32 wounded as 6 baghdad churches bombed <sec> new : four dead , 21 wounded in baghdad church bombing sunday evening .  bombing is one of six at baghdad churches within 24 hours ; 11 injured at other sites .  new : `` there will be no christians left in iraq '' if bombings continue , one man says .  christian official in kirkuk shot to death outside his home , police sa .
 espn says layoffs will make company more competitive <sec> espn did n't comment on the number of employees affected .  it has more than 35 networks around the world .  rising sports rights fees are affecting the company 's bottom line .  deadspin says many employees in technology division to be let g .
 a call to arms for a 'common sense ' gun law <sec> bloomberg cites the need for background checks .  leaders urge 'passing common sense legislation ' .  biden says gun reform proposals wo n't affect constitutional right .
 penn state report is a warning to all of us <sec> louis freeh releases report showing failures by penn state administrators .  edward queen : the report shows total lack of regard for innocent victims .  he says administrators and penn state board did n't live up to their obligations .  lesson is to focus on doing the right thing , not on covering up misdeeds , he say .
 xi formally elected chinese president <sec> new : xi jinping formally takes role of chinese president .  china 's national people 's congress draws to a close .  new leaders were named last november but have been waiting for congress .  npc discussed major issues facing country , including economic aim .
 graffiti artist to bmx bandit : maxime charveron pushes limits <sec> maxime charveron is a freestyle bmx biker from lyon in france .  the 22-year-old honed his skills after being fined for going on a graffiti spree .  charveron has won a string of titles and constantly comes up with new tricks .  he says the streets of lyon feel like his office , especially in the dead of nigh .
 pitcher hopes stem cell procedure will get him one last season <sec> c.j . .  nitkowski was a first-round draft pick in 1994 .  he has n't played in the major leagues since 2005 .  he had a controversial stem cell procedure last year in his injured shoulder .  after a good outing in a winter league , he 's waiting for a big league team to cal .
 pizza guy on oscar delivery : 'this is really the american dream ' <sec> edgar martirosyan had no clue he 'd be serving hollywood 's biggest stars .  ellen degeneres gives him a $ 1,000 tip .  `` i was just shocked . .  it was a really great moment , '' martirosyan tells cn .
 texas governor condemns stray bullets fired across u.s. border <sec> new : gov . .  rick perry wants the white house to deploy more resources to the border .  a bullet lodged in a texas university 's building may be linked to a mexico gunfight .  no injuries were reported on the el paso campus .  the gun battle took place 30 yards from el paso , police sa .
 potential syria strikes could include long-range bombers <sec> long-range aircraft may be used in an attack on syria , u.s. official says .  no final decision has been made about what assets may be used , official says .  official was responding to an abc news report of the possibility of using bomber .
 ted kennedy , 'lion of the senate , ' helped shape american politics <sec> edward `` ted '' kennedy had been u.s. senator from massachusetts since 1962 .  kennedy was considered one of the most effective legislators .  a hallmark was the senator 's ability to work across party lines , colleagues sa .
 after inauguration , political reality returns to washington <sec> house gop leaders pushing 10-year plan to balance budget .  conservatives criticize progressive themes in president obama 's inaugural address .  the house will vote wednesday on a plan to spark budget negotiations .  some house republicans oppose leadership 's plan to suspend debt ceilin .
 why marijuana should be legal for adults <sec> david nathan disputes cnn op-ed by david frum that argues pot should be illegal .  nathan treats drug abusers and agrees with frum that young people should avoid marijuana .  drug should be legal for adults and sold like alcohol , with kids taught the risks , he says .  nathan : if pot is illegal , then dangerous drugs like alcohol and tobacco should be , to .
 hamilton and rosberg fastest in bahrain practice <sec> mercedes dominate friday practice ahead of sunday 's bahrain gp .  lewis hamilton and nico rosberg finish top under floodlights at sakhir circuit .  reigning champion sebastian vettel finishes seventh fastest .  sunday 's bahrain gp will take place under floodlights for first tim .
 former 'enemy combatant ' sentenced in illinois <sec> ali al-marri sentenced for charges of conspiring to provide support to terrorism .  his lawyers wanted a lighter sentence because he was held without charges for six years .  al-marri sentenced to eight years and four months ; faced 15 years .  prosecutors say al-marri volunteered for `` martyr mission , '' met bin lade .
 gazans exhausted by crises , wars , clashes , upheavals <sec> cnn 's ben wedeman says there 's little enthusiasm in gaza for the flare-up with israel .  he says hamas is defiant but in private many palestinians are opposed to their leadership .  israel 's anti-hamas rhetoric intensified after hamas reached a pact with fatah , he says .  there 's been no sign of urgency in the international community to become involved , he say .
 nbc orders white house comedy from 'book of mormon ' star josh gad <sec> nbc has given the family sitcom pilot `` 1600 penn '' a series order for 13 episodes .  bill pullman stars as the potus and josh gad stars as the president 's out-of-control son .  nbc 's new comedy might benefit from the increased interest in politic .
 lindsay lohan wins a get-out-of-jail card <sec> new : another judge overrules lohan 's no-bail order .  new : lohan 's dad says she should immediately check into rehab .  new : the actress must wear an alcohol-detection bracelet .  lohan goes before the judge again on october 2 .
 slave in jefferson davis ' home gave union key secrets <sec> william jackson , a slave , learned key details inside the home of jefferson davis .  davis was president of the confederacy ; jackson leaked key secrets to the union .  `` because of his role as a menial servant , he simply was ignored '' by southerners .  author said history must never forget the sacrifice of african-americans in civil wa .
 what 's behind north korea 's launch plans ? <sec> north korea appears moving ahead with plans to launch a long-range missile .  analyst jim walsh discusses pyongyang 's possible motivations .  walsh sees some posturing going on , legitimacy building for north korea 's new leader .  he says he thinks situation could escalate into a nuclear test like it did in 2006 and 200 .
 goofing off on company time ? go for it <sec> more companies are encouraging fun as a business strategy .  the idea is that play boosts morale , encourages creativity and fosters teamwork .  cnn partnered with mashable to explore how workplaces are integrating fun .  is play encouraged in your office ? .  tell us about it in the comments belo .
 'special ' win for van der walt at nelson mandela championship <sec> south africa 's dawie van der walt wins the nelson mandela golf championship .  it was a 'special ' victory for van der walt , his title coming a day before mandela 's funeral .  van der walt beat matthew baldwin and jorge campillo by two shots in durban .  the 337th-ranked van der walt triumphed on the european tour for a second tim .
 san diego officials to meet with residents about `` bomb factory '' house <sec> house near escondido , california , held record cache of homemade explosives .  bomb squad has deemed house too dangerous to re-enter for now .  officials will hold a town hall meeting about disposing of explosives inside hous .
 vandalized wwii-era graves in libya to be restored <sec> `` this could take some time , '' war graves commission says .  the new libyan government condemns the desecration of some 200 graves .  vandalism of christian and jewish graves was recorded and posted on youtube .  on sunday , britain urged libya 's leadership to investigat .
 vampire weekend sinks teeth into something new <sec> vampire weekend working on second album .  band created splash with first cd in 2008 .  and that name ? .  it comes from a film one member was makin .
 no threat from gas leak at california nuclear plant , feds say <sec> a small amount of radioactive gas escaped from a steam generator , the nrc says .  the leak does not pose any threat to human health , an nrc spokesman says .  operators shut down the no . .  3 reactor at california 's san onofre plant as a resul .
 obama appointee to face bruising confirmation fight <sec> confirmation hearings for attorney general-designate eric holder begin next week .  republicans criticize holder for his role in clinton pardon of marc rich in 2001 .  gop unlikely to block holder from becoming obama 's attorney genera .
 china : three challenges for new leaders <sec> cnn asked experts to explain biggest challenges facing china .  experts : economic disparity , gender imbalance , water and food security are big issues .  delegates are meeting for national people 's congress in beijing .  xi jinping to formally become chinese president at end of congres .
 man charged with arson in case of california fires <sec> authorities believe the suspect is a foreign national from germany .  harry burkhart , 24 , was charged with one count of arson of an inhabited dwelling .  he will likely face more charges as the investigation continues , the mayor says .  the fires caused some $ 3 million in damage .
 town scrambles as finance chief is accused of embezzlement , adultery <sec> henry l. centrella jr. , 59 , was arrested in august on five counts of first-degree larceny .  investigation has found that more than $ 2 million has been misappropriated .  winchester , connecticut , has been left scrambling for a way to pay its bill .
 jessica seinfeld wins plagiarism case against her <sec> cookbook writer alleged that jessica seinfeld plagiarized .  all claims against jessica seinfeld dismissed by federal judge , lawyer says .  judge leaves open claims of defamation against seinfeld 's husband , jerry .  defamation claims relate to comments jerry seinfeld made about autho .
 big stash of illegal drugs seized in southern afghanistan <sec> nato-led troops in afghanistan seized more than 6,000 pounds of illegal drugs .  haul included more than 5,300 pounds of processed opium .  troops stopped a `` suspicious '' truck in the maiwand district of kandahar province .  afghan opium kills 100,000 people a year worldwide -- more than any other dru .
 shevchenko poised to leave milan in summer <sec> andriy shevchenko unlikely to stay at ac milan next season claims his agent .  ukrainian shevchenko returned to san siro on loan from chelsea last summer .  however he has played only two serie a matches in a disappointing campaig .
 anthony cops defend case to reporters <sec> new : no `` credible threats '' to anthony despite anger , sheriff says .  `` i felt our case was solid , '' detective tells reporters .  casey anthony was acquitted of killing her daughter last week .  she is scheduled to be released from jail sunda .
 find décor inspiration in your closet <sec> designer erin gates recommends taking decor inspiration from fashion .  you favorite styles and shopping venues can translate into your living space .  pairing vintage with new items and saving up for quality showpieces are ke .
 watson savors emotional masters win <sec> masters champion bubba watson is learning to control emotions after crying during win .  first major tournament win for watson , who lost in a playoff at the 2010 pga championship .  emotional win comes just two weeks after adopting son caleb .  watson relies heavily on caddie for support during miraculous shot from woods onto gree .
 making music out of swine flu <sec> stephan zielinski composed a song based on a swine flu gene .  he created an algorithm that assigns instruments and notes to amino acids .  youtube users are also posting swine flu song .
 mann : money talks in republican presidential primaries <sec> republican mitt romney cements frontrunner status with victory in florida presidential primary .  romney gets 46 % of vote , compared to 32 % for newt gingrich and 13 % for rick santorum .  romney and his supporters collected nearly $ 90 million for his campaign by end of 2011 , report say .
 saturday 's boston red sox victory parade to heal city 's marathon pain <sec> new : saturday 's victory parade for team will pass site of the marathon 's april bombings .  the long memory of bostonians easily reaches 1918 , when their team last won a title at home .  the more recent memory of the boston marathon attacks is painful .  a 97-year-old fan savors this year 's victory : `` i never thought i 'd live to see this .
 yemen : al qaeda 'most dangerous ' arrested <sec> 35-year-old described as `` one of the most dangerous terrorists '' in yemen .  al-haudali arrested in village of deer jaber in the bajel district northeast of sanaa .  al-haudali reportedly exchanged fire with security forces before his arres .
