 want to get signed to a bundesliga club ? do n't wear headphones <sec> lutz pfannenstiel 's transfer deadline day do 's and don'ts .  do n't wear earphones if you want to impress lutz pfannenstiel .  he worries that not all players from abroad can adjust to playing in germany .  hoffenheim aims to develop its youngsters rather than take risks on expensive foreign transfer .
 kenya athletics brand has ambitions to take on nike <sec> kourage athletics say they 're kenya 's first athletic brand made and designed in the country .  the brand officially launched in july and hopes to one day dress olympic runners .  the kourage team pride themselves on being the most ethical athletic apparel company .  the brand hopes to inspire other young entrepreneurs to follow their dream .
 chandra levy 's dad : anxiety hits home <sec> laura stepp : robert levy , chandra 's dad , feared he would n't see her again .  he did n't tell anyone , stepp says , but now acknowledges the guilt he feels .  all parents share fears about losing a child they love , stepp writes , but do n't act .  she says media drumbeat of crime , parents ' deeper involvement exacerbate fear .
 obama to leave campaign trail to visit ailing grandmother <sec> new : sen. hillary clinton urges floridians to back obama in appearance with him .  obama will leave campaign trail thursday after indiana stop and return saturday .  rest of thursday events canceled ; michelle obama will stand in on friday .  mccain references biden comment that obama will be tested with early crisi .
 young football players injured , but not forgotten <sec> eddie canales is helping teens who have suffered spinal cord injuries on the football field .  gridiron heroes provides emotional and financial support to the players and their families .  canales ' son chris was paralyzed years ago , but he still helps his father 's cause .  do you know a hero ? .  nominations are open for 2011 cnn heroe .
 are suspected north korean drones a threat to south korea ? <sec> south korea suspects that three drones discovered in recent weeks belong to north korea .  the unmanned aircraft are fitted with digital cameras , difficult to detect with radar .  experts say the drones are low-tech and pose little threat .  seoul is bolstering its air defense network in light of the discover .
 organization of islamic cooperation suspends syria <sec> organization of islamic cooperation suspends syria .  at least 40 are dead after warplanes shell a syrian-turkish border town .  fighting is raging near the iranian embassy in damascus .  violations by rebel groups are less severe than those by the regime , a u.n. report say .
 london police hunt airline terror link <sec> police in london searching buildings in connection with detroit plane incident .  nigerian man center of terror probe after igniting device on northwest airlines jet .  airline security stepped up in london , amsterdam following inciden .
 lil wayne takes it 'back to his roots ' on new album <sec> lil wayne is on track to release his new album , `` i am not a human being ii , '' march 26 .  his manager says the album captures the rapper at a vital moment .  manager : it 's mixtape weezy ... wayne really took it back to his root .
 italian navy rescues over 1,000 migrants from boats in a day <sec> italy 's navy picks up the migrants between tuesday and wednesday morning .  the migrants , who sailed from north africa , include women and children .  italy is a major gateway into europe for migrants who come by sea from north africa .  some migrants come from african nations , others from war-torn countries like syri .
 commentary : plan b risky for 17 year-old girls <sec> mike galanos : mom and dad should help teens make decisions about plan b .  he also says society must support parents , not undermine their rights .  galanos : if birth control requires a prescription , so should plan .
 7 bodies found in western mexico <sec> the bodies were dismembered and burned .  they were discovered along a highway in michoacan .  various drug cartels operate in the are .
 iran opposition leader 's nephew buried after riots <sec> saeed ali moussavi 's body was delivered to his family early wednesday .  not clear how moussavi died , though some claim he was shot .  iranian government has denied that its security forces killed anyon .
 eto'o keen to get started on anzhi project <sec> samuel eto'o says he wants to transform russian side anzhi into a big club .  cameroon striker has joined the club from inter milan on three-year deal .  eto'o says his move is not about money despite his $ 14 million a year salary .  emmanuel adebayor joins tottenham on loan from manchester cit .
 42 accused in scheme to use unlicensed nurses for home care <sec> prosecutor : long defendants list makes case the largest medicaid fraud in california .  `` nurses '' cared for disabled patients , many of them children , in homes , schools .  patients became suspicious of nurses when they noticed their lack of skills .  ringleaders accused of telling workers to lie about status , using real nurses ' name .
 google+ creator : do n't call it a social network <sec> google+ creator says the site should n't be compared to facebook and twitter .  vic gundotra says google 's social tool is meant to enhance other google offerings .  video-chat hangouts have been a highlight for google .
 police look into gunshot at dobbs ' home <sec> new jersey officials unsure whether bullet was intentionally fired or a stray .  cnn anchor 's wife was outside house during october 5 incident .  bullet appears to be from `` long gun , not a handgun or shotgun , '' police official say .
 high fashion : the man with 1,000 stewardess uniforms <sec> airline uniforms are the passion of collector cliff muskiet .  the klm employee has collected more than 1,000 stewardess outfits since 1980 .  he says the uniforms offer a window into different eras of aviation histor .
 resilience brings reward to japan 's toyota <sec> toyota reclaims title of world 's biggest automaker from gm in 2012 .  'gm did n't do anything right in 2011 ; toyota just was n't on field , ' says clsa 's richter .  japan quake , tsunami in 2011 devastated country 's economy , supply chains .  'japan to continue to outperform ' over next few years , says j.p. morgan 's kohe .
 house conservatives to boehner : we have an agenda , what 's yours ? <sec> conservatives fear boehner will play `` prevent defense '' ahead of midterms .  they feel that presenting a contrast with democrats is a winning strategy .  conservatives have used their numbers and influence to stymie boehner on polic .
 sharapova admits to miami masters dream <sec> sharapova beats sara errani to reach third straight miami masters semifinal .  russian has won all four of her previous miami semis , but never lifted the title .  spain 's david ferrer becomes first male semifinalist after overcoming jurgen melze .
 the fonz , the hoff , and the queen : stars of pantomime <sec> cross-dressing , audience participation , dance routines . .  it 's got to be `` panto '' .  unique british christmas tradition sees classic fairy tales brought to life onstage .  international stars are getting involved , including henry winkler and david hasselhoff .  queen elizabeth ii dressed as a prince , in palace production during teenage year .
 shinseki 'mad as hell ' about va allegations , but wo n't resign - cnnpolitics.com <sec> investigators : no evidence so far that long waits caused veteran deaths .  va secretary eric shinseki said he wo n't resign .  months of cnn investigative work have unearthed allegations of secret va wait lists .  a retired doctor charges at least 40 veterans in phoenix have died waiting for appointment .
 south korean students balk at the high cost of college <sec> south korean students protest high tuition fees .  students say south korea 's president did n't keep promise to halve tuition costs .  university tuition fee average $ 7,000 , while income is $ 20,000 in south kore .
 bill clinton , the reverse clint eastwood ? <sec> david rothkopf : bill clinton dazzled reverent audience that had eagerly awaited him .  he says obama must have wondered whether he 'll seem second best in his speech .  he says clinton holds sacred place in democratic politics , rivalling fdr in his sway .  rothkopf : tonight obama must step out from clinton shadow and determine his futur .
 myanmar bars suu kyi 's election participation <sec> new law disqualifies people from standing for election if they have been convicted in court .  myanmar court convicted suu kyi last summer for breaching terms of her house arrest .  pro-democracy icon 's house arrest extended after uninvited american stayed at her home .  nobel peace prize laureate has spent 14 of the past 20 years under house arres .
 chinese dissident ai weiwei 's art becomes his messenger <sec> dissident artist ai weiwei 's work is now in washington at the hirshhorn museum .  ai 's most famous work is the `` bird 's nest '' stadium from the 2008 olympic games in beijing .  `` ai weiwei 's art and his activism resonate far beyond the art world , '' museum officials sa .
 bus station bombing kills 20 in nigerian city <sec> bomb explodes under a bus in gombe , nigeria , police say .  people were boarding the bus when the blast happened , police say .  no one has claimed responsibility .  a different explosion killed seven people at a market in bauchi , nigeri .
 kevin smith on cursing , children and making 'porno ' <sec> kevin smith is a fan of being bluntly honest .  writer-director ca n't understand why some words , profanity bother people .  new movie `` zack and miri make a porno '' has rough language but sweet sid .
 michael jackson 's father seeks allowance from estate <sec> joe jackson , who was left out of will , wants judge to give him allowance .  michael 's mother , katherine , michael 's children get bulk of the estate .  michael jackson had publicly criticized his father 's parenting skill .
 politician slams suburban setting of jay leno 's free 'detroit ' show <sec> detroit councilwoman says jay leno should change concert location .  comedian plans to perform free show in auburn hills , a well-to-do suburb .  martha reeves ' suggestions : ford field , cobo hall , the fox theater .  free tickets for the show will be given out beginning monday at 10 a.m .
 zimbabwe removes 12 zeros from currency <sec> one trillion in zimbabwe dollars now will be equivalent to one zimbabwe dollar .  zimbabwe 's inflation rate officially at 231 million percent as of last july .  many zimbabwean traders have stopped accepting local currency .  acting finance minister recently allowed all zimbabweans to use foreign currenc .
 barcelona coach vilanova recovering after cancer op <sec> barcelona coach tito vilanova suffers tumor relapse but will stay in post .  vilonova has surgery in barcelona before starting chemotherapy and radiotherapy .  when vilanova was assistant to guardiola between 2008 and 2014 , barca won 14 trophies .  under vilanova , barca have won 23 of their 27 matches this seaso .
 5 good reasons for going on hormones <sec> a 2002 study found serious health risks in hormone replacement therapy .  despite risks , hormone therapy seen as medically appropriate in some cases .  expert : hrt can help reduce hot flashes by about 95 percent .  vaginal dryness , itchiness better treated with estrogen cream .
 jon hamm to host 2013 espys <sec> jon hamm will host the 2013 espys on july 17 .  he revealed his new gig wednesday on 'live with kelly and michael ' .  espys exec : hamm 's wit and passion for sports will give fans a unique view .  prior hosts include justin timberlake , seth meyers and samuel l. jackso .
 my life with drugs , rock 'n ' roll and addiction <sec> gary stromberg says he easily could have died from addiction to narcotics , alcohol .  he ran a famous rock star pr firm , with a large bowl of cocaine as centerpiece .  stromberg lost his house , business , wife , money , and blamed everyone but himself .  he admitted the problem was inside himself and began his journey to recover .
 trayvon martin 's parents ready to let jury decide fate of son 's killer <sec> trayvon martin , 17 , was shot dead by george zimmerman on february 26 , 2012 .  zimmerman says he acted in self-defense ; martin 's family says the black teen was profiled .  martin 's mother says she wants to ensure others do n't suffer the pain she has .  `` we 're going to accept '' a jury 's verdict on the case , even if we do n't like it , she add .
 radio icon casey kasem spotted in washington state <sec> couple free to go where they want , sheriff 's official says .  washington deputies find kasem in a home .  kasem , 82 , is suffering from lewy body disease .  his daughters and his wife are in a feud over hi .
 giant panda mei xiang gives birth to stillborn 2nd cub <sec> new : first cub `` is very active , very vibrant and very pink , '' the zoo says .  the giant panda gave birth to a second cub saturday , but it was stillborn .  giant pandas are one of the world 's most endangered species .  the first neonatal exam reveals mei xiang 's panda cub is health .
 fanzone preview : italy 's serie a <sec> new inter boss benitez under pressure to win clubs fifth straight title . .  ailing clubs milan and juventus hire new managers . .  former inter star adriano signs for title rivals roma .
 two racehorses killed in head-on collision at belmont <sec> one horse threw his rider and ran into a crowd of horses going in the opposite direction .  six drivers and caixa eletronica died instantly , and a rider was taken to a hospital .  caixa eletronica , a 9-year-old , won seven stakes races and $ 1.8 million in his caree .
 boston marathon bombing suspect 's sister charged with making bomb threat <sec> ailina tsarnaev was charged after another woman received a bomb threat by phone .  she is the sister of dzhokhar and tamerlan tsarnaev .  they were sought after he 2013 boston marathon bombing .  tamerlan died in a police shootout , and dzhokhar was captured and awaits tria .
 nicole richie : i 'm pregnant <sec> nicole richie , 25 , says she is almost four months pregnant .  richie pleaded guilty friday to driving under the influence of drugs .  she was sentenced to four days in prison ; must serve time by september 28 .  richie rose to fame as paris hilton 's co-star on `` the simple life .
 u.n. chief visits as strong aftershocks shake parts of chile <sec> ban ki-moon arrives to meet leaders , survey damage .  two strong aftershocks , magnitudes 6.0 and 6.6 , strike friday morning .  chilean government asks u.n. for field hospitals with surgical facilities , generators .  some chileans complain federal aid has been slow to arrive to quake-hit regio .
 arrests in india after hepatitis b kills 32 <sec> an outbreak of contagious liver disease hepatitis b kills 32 people in india .  the victims died in the state of gujarat in western india in the past two weeks .  officials record 111 cases of the disease in the sabarkantha distric .
 captain of diverted flight dies after heart attack <sec> united capt . .  henry skillern , 63 , of humble , texas , died after heart attack , according to coroner .  tragedy threatens to renew debate over mandatory pilot retirement age .  `` we got a man down , chest compressions going on right now , '' crew member radios .  united flight 1063 diverted to boise , idaho , where paramedics took the pilot to a hospita .
 attorney general eric holder vows to fight rising heroin deaths <sec> heroin overdoses increased 45 % from 2006 to 2010 , attorney general eric holder says .  the justice department will work to reduce the number of deaths , he announces .  keeping prescriptions pills away from non-medical users part of the plan , he say .
 asiana wo n't file tv station over bogus names <sec> ktvu is a local station based in oakland , california .  it would have been difficult to prove defamation , a first amendment expert said .  the airline called the news report `` demeaning .
 del potro dumped out by chardy <sec> former u.s. open champion suffers shock third-round exit from australian open .  unseeded jeremy chardy from france beats sixth-seed argentine in five sets .  roger federer , andy murray safely through to fourth round with straight-set wins .  serena williams and sloane stephens into fourth round in women 's dra .
 dad fears son vanished 'into the wild ' <sec> new : law enforcement official says nothing to suggest foul play or danger .  arizona father fears teen vanished in oregon to live off land like the film `` into the wild '' .  johnathan croom , 18 , has never been in the wild before , says his father .  the teen 's honda suv was abandoned in a small town in western orego .
 larry wilmore rises to the top <sec> larry wilmore 's `` nightly show '' is taking over colbert 's old time slot .  most of wilmore 's experience behind scenes , though he 's appeared on `` daily show .
 new york man sentenced to life for grad student 's rape , murder <sec> darryl littlejohn was convicted last month of murdering imette st. guillen , 24 .  witnesses saw the two leaving manhattan bar the morning of february 25 , 2006 .  investigators linked his dna to ties used to bind st. guillen 's hands behind her back .  lawyer for the former bouncer says he is innocen .
 mikaela shiffrin claims slalom gold in beaver creek <sec> mikaela shiffrin wins gold in the ladies slalom at the alpine world ski championships .  u.s. teenager becomes first woman to successfully defend a slalom world title in 10 years .  second u.s. gold after ted ligety in giant slalom .  new : jean-baptiste grange wins concluding men 's slalom at championship .
 the battlegrounds : african-american turnout <sec> turnout among african-americans could determine result of presidential election .  unemployment , voter id laws , complacency could affect turnout .  obama campaign has unprecedented effort to register , communicate with voters .  one philadephian says there is more at stake this year than in 200 .
 nevada school shooting : teacher killed , two students wounded <sec> student says gunman shot teacher as he was asked to put weapon down .  there have been at least three other shootings at u.s. secondary schools and one suicide .  brother says teacher who was killed was kind of man who tried to help those in need .  two wounded students are in stable conditio .
 opinion : how segregation got busted <sec> gary may : court to consider 1965 's voting rights act provision .  he says in 1966 , alabama 's white attorney general broke ground seeking the black vote .  he says racist candidates , even strom thurmond , would end up courting the black vote .  may : act increased the black vote and altered the approach of white southern politician .
 sen. bob menendez : 'i 'm not going anywhere ' - cnnpolitics.com <sec> an announcement from the justice department could come in weeks .  case will be a test of ability to prosecute sitting lawmaker .
 liverpool close to henderson deal ; rooney hails man utd target jones <sec> english club liverpool agree fee for sunderland midfielder jordan henderson .  the 20-year-old already has a full england cap to his name .  manchester united reportedly swoop for blackburn defender phil jones .  bayern munich confirm signing of goalkeeper manuel neuer from schalk .
 safina backs out of dubai appearance <sec> dinara safina has been forced to pull out of next week 's dubai tennis championships .  world no . .  2 still suffering from the back injury that has plagued her since last year .  the 23-year-old withdrew from her fourth-round match at australian open due to the proble .
 oregon boy still missing on his 8th birthday <sec> the investigation into kyron 's disappearance continues .  his mother says she will release balloons to celebrate his birthday .  video cameras are being put in place at skyline elementar .
 gates proposes cutting joint forces command from defense budget <sec> defense department budget cuts could mean the loss of thousands of jobs .  virginia senators oppose possible elimination of joint forces command .  recession leads to lower proposed increase for next year .  defense secretary robert gates announces cuts to hold down overall cost .
 egypt 's islamists : much to prove on women 's rights <sec> egyptian activist says muslim brotherhood views women only in terms of role as mother and housewife .  dahlia ziada argues muslim brotherhood has shameful record of marginalizing women .  new president mohamed morsi has much to prove to protect women 's rights , she add .
 oklahoma court grants stay after botched execution <sec> charles warner 's execution is now set for november 13 .  an investigation into last month 's death of clayton lockett continues .  his lethal injection was stopped because of problems in administering the drugs .  warner had been scheduled to die the same day ; his execution was staye .
 no surprise caracas named 'murder capital of world ' <sec> foreign policy magazine names caracas , venezuela , the murder capital of the world .  venezuela to step up efforts to fight crime in caracas in 2009 .  violence is gang- and police-related , and often poor on poor .  new orleans , louisiana , comes in third on magazine 's list of top fiv .
