 kikwete heads into second term as president in tanzania <sec> voter turnout is low at only 42 percent .  an opposition leader warns that voter apathy could affect tanzania 's democrac .
 child rape survivor saves 'virgin myth ' victims <sec> many in zimbabwe believe a man raping a virgin can cure him of hiv or aids .  betty makoni 's girl child network cares for zimbabwe 's young sex abuse victims .  the organization has rescued more than 35,000 girls .  vote now for the cnn hero of the year at cnn.com/heroe .
 robin givens : my story is rihanna 's story <sec> robin givens , denise brown talk about women and domestic violence .  givens says mike tyson would drag her by her hair and try to choke her .  why did givens stay for so long ? .  she thought her love would fix the situation .  brown says only when celebrity stories like rihanna 's come out do people car .
 why we should elect flip-floppers <sec> julian zelizer : american voters want candidates who are n't flip-floppers .  but they also criticize washington for failing to solve america 's problems , he says .  reaching agreement on legislation takes compromise , zelizer says .  zelizer : there seems no room anymore for figures who bring parties togethe .
 obama , mccain energy plans <sec> sen. barack obama lays out comprehensive energy plan this week .  obama vows to eliminate the need for mideastern , venezuelan oil in 10 years .  sen. john mccain proposes an energy strategy relying on technology and science .  mccain says the federal government should lift restrictions on offshore drillin .
 iraq bombs target shiite pilgrims , killing more than 30 <sec> new : at least 33 killed in 2 bombings .  the explosions targeted shiite pilgrims in karbala for a religious observance .  police say 5 of salaheddin gov . .  ahmed abdullah 's guards are wounded in another blas .
 pakistan spy agency chief to tell cia : end drone strikes ; id targets for us to attack <sec> new : u.s. official says pakistan could take `` several steps '' against extremists .  the isi chief will ask that pakistan be allowed to conduct strikes .  `` you ( the u.s. ) develop a target and let us hit it , '' he will say .  pakistan has been critical of the drone progra .
 usher 's ex-wife cites son 's pool mishap in custody bid <sec> new : usher says his son is `` doing well and is recovering '' .  usher 's ex-wife blames singer 's absence for son 's `` near-death accident '' .  tameka foster accuses usher of being gone 85 % of the time .  sound technician eugene stachurski rescued the child and used cpr to revive hi .
 carl lewis <sec> olympic record : 9 gold medals and 1 silver medal .  he became the first athlete ever to successfully defend the 100 meters title .  athlete ; born july 1 , 1961 , in birmingham , alabam .
 what would oscar pistorius face if he 's sent to prison ? <sec> oscar pistorius is due to be sentenced for the negligent killing of reeva steenkamp .  this raises the prospect that the double amputee may be given a prison sentence .  south africa 's prisons are notorious for overcrowding and poor sanitation , activists say .  a paraplegic inmate told the wits justice project of being detained in awful condition .
 kanye west , manager charged in airport scuffle <sec> kanye west and his manager charged with vandalism , theft and battery .  pair alleged to have been in scuffle that damaged photography equipment .  if convicted , the grammy-winning rapper faces more than two years in jail .  tmz has video that it says is of the inciden .
 bowie exhibition charts life of pop 's ultimate starman <sec> doors to open on exhibition of life of david bowie at v & a museum in london .  his 27th studio album , `` the next day , '' is riding high at the top of uk charts .  `` david bowie is '' chronicles bowie 's long career as singer , musician and actor .  exhibition features for the first time more than 300 objects from bowie 's lif .
 fall foliage from a different angle <sec> hang glide over colorful mountains near chattanooga , tennessee .  take in the autumn patchwork of california 's napa valley from a hot air balloon .  let a llama tote your gear during fall foliage hikes near taos , new mexic .
 iran may be planning to retaliate if u.s. strikes syria , official says <sec> u.s. official said intelligence pointed to planning for possible retaliation , if strike ordered .  wall street journal said the united states intercepted an order from iran to militants .  the state department had no comment , but said it had not taken security steps in baghda .
 obeidallah : comedians should be free to offend ... or not <sec> dean obeidallah : some challenge him to tell anti-muslim jokes in defiance of terrorists .  but he and other comedians say freedom means being able to choose to offend or no .
 why we have to keep searching for mh370 <sec> search has resumed for missing malaysia airlines flight 370 .  australia has already spent millions of dollars on search , david soucie notes .  mh370 search set to be most expensive in history , soucie says .  but the cost of not finding out what happened even greater , he say .
 voyager mission 25 years ago previews pluto expedition <sec> nasa 's new horizons mission hurtles toward pluto in historic 3 billion mile expedition .  new horizons is set to reach the `` dwarf planet '' in july 2015 .  nasa marks anniversary of voyager 2 mission to neptune and its moon triton .  nasa : voyager 2 mission offers a preview of sorts of new horizons journe .
 cotswolds olimpicks : shin-kicking at the 'other ' games <sec> the london 2012 olympic games start in 50 days .  the cotswold olimpicks are an ancient event which dates back to 1612 .  shin-kicking is the main event at the olimpicks , which take place in england .  the sport is much the same as it was when it was first competed 400 years ag .
 serra : moma 's man of steel <sec> 'richard serra sculpture : forty years ' runs to september 10 at moma .  more than 800 tons of monumental steel and free-standing lead constructions .  moma 's abby aldrich rockefeller sculpture garden one of three venues .  cranes required to hoist steel sections over garden wall and into gallerie .
 somalia president escapes surprise attack <sec> president 's office : islamist insurgents , african union peacekeepers exchanged fire .  fighting left at least five dead , according to shabelle media network .  the heaviest of the fighting centered on area linking airport to the presidential palac .
 iceland pm wants nation to join eu <sec> no decision on joining eu will be made before april elections .  prime minister wants nation to adopt euro as official currency .  iceland 's stock market , banks crashed last autumn during financial crisi .
 frenchman caught on plane in real-life sequel to 'catch me if you can ' <sec> new : pilots sense colleague is a fake when he ca n't strap into cockpit 's jump seat .  new : frenchman is a retired winemaker traveling from france to florida .  police say man boarded us airways plane in philadelphia posing as a pilot .  he allegedly entered cockpit after being told business class was full , police sa .
 can obama 's european trip re-assert u.s. global leadership ? <sec> barack obama has arrived in europe for the nuclear security summit at the hague .  an emergency g7 summit on the ukraine crisis will be held on the sidelines of the nuclear summit .  andrew hammond says obama will seek to find consensus on new sanctions against russia .  obama sees enhancing global nuclear security as a key part of his legacy , hammond say .
 should schools punish cyberbullies ? <sec> the new york times asks if cyberbullies should be punished by schools .  cyberbullies do damage away from school , so questions arise as to who should deal with it .  one-fifth of middle schoolers have been affected by bullying through phones or computer .
 'war horse ' stumbles between sentiment and horror <sec> `` war horse '' chronicles the experiences of a feisty colt , a thoroughbred named joey .  the film is spielberg 's pedigree picture -- a front-runner for the academy awards .  hard to tell who 's the target audience -- teenage academy voters .
 dog brothers mix philosophy with a bruising style of fighting <sec> dog brothers fights feature stick fighting , knife fighting and using other weapons .  there are about 200 members of the dog brothers pack .  this form of combat arts originated in the philippine .
 charlie sheen checks into rehab <sec> porn actress says she 's `` very happy '' sheen 's going to rehab .  the decision to enter rehab comes a day after he was rushed to a hospital .  cbs puts `` two and a half men '' on `` production hiatus '' .  his rep blames the hospital visit on `` a hernia condition .
 ancient door , in tip-top shape , found in zurich <sec> it 's possibly one of the oldest doors found in europe .  the door dates to the late 4th millennium b.c . .  the object was spotted in a zurich di .
 police : dozens dead in pakistan explosion <sec> death toll reaches 35 , with 65 wounded , authorities say .  suicide bomber detonates explosives outside a bank in rawalpindi .  bomber rode up to the front of the national bank in a motorcycle or a bicycle .  new : second suicide attack in lahore injures at least 17 peopl .
 the unexpected power of $ 10 to $ 20 <sec> new : thousands in donations pour in after story is published .  keith taylor 's gratitude for help led him to set up web site to help the working poor .  people e-mail their requests -- help with rent , car repair , medical bill -- which are vetted .  donors choose how much to give whom ; when goal is reached , check is sen .
 heads of 3 iraqi tribes killed <sec> leader of tribe that includes saddam hussein 's family dies in blast .  gunmen kill two other tribal heads who advocated national reconciliation .  u.s.-led coalition troops kill three suspected militants in northern iraq .  u.s. diplomat : iraq should n't be base for attacks on other state .
 steven adler on forgiving axl rose , 'rehab ' and life after guns n ' roses <sec> steven adler says life is good for him now .  he had famously feuded with band mate axl rose .  adler says `` i 'm not angry with axl anymore .
 on facebook , clicking 'like ' can help scammers <sec> `` like farming '' on facebook takes advantage of users ' good intentions to make posts go viral .  making a page more popular with likes and shares makes it show up for more users .  owners can then use the popular page to advertise , or sell it to someone else .  often , images and videos are used without permission of their owner .
 box office report : '22 jump street ' is the big winner <sec> `` 22 jump street '' opened strong this weekend .  `` how to train your dragon 2 '' also did well .  maleficent '' fell 45 .
 france boosts security after string of attacks <sec> a man died from a monday attack in france , prosecutor says .  france adds another 200 to 300 security forces to patrol crowded areas .  the latest attack has not been linked to terrorism .  two previous attacks allegedly involved people yelling `` god is great '' in arabi .
 reprieved ibrahimovic the key man as psg hold barca <sec> ibrahimovic scores one and makes on as psg hold barcelona to a 2-2 draw in paris .  lionel messi opens the scoring but is forced off with a hamstring injury .  bayern munich impress in a comprehensive 2-0 defeat of juventu .
 family : michael jackson viewing wo n't happen at neverland <sec> new : dea investigating use of prescription drugs in jackson 's death , source says .  will does n't specify where michael jackson wished to be buried .  two attorneys , music exec named as executors of jackson 's will .  `` i have intentionally omitted to provide for my former wife , '' will say .
 terror , drugs and the white house : drones are everywhere - cnnpolitics.com <sec> a drone crashed near the white house at 3 a.m. monday morning .  a drone was used to target a suspected terrorist in yemen , it was reported monday .  a drone carrying smuggled drugs crashed last week in mexico .  a drone was flown at a capitol hill hearing last wee .
 seattle : where to be seen <sec> zig zag café is great for cocktails , while cha cha lounge is a hip hangout .  seattle has some great local beers you can sample at the city 's brewpubs .  if you like your music live you can catch a rocking show at re-bar or chop suey .  teatro zinzanni offers its own bizarre blend of fine dining , circus and cabare .
 brazilian air force says debris was not from air france crash <sec> wreckage , debris found earlier is not from missing plane , air force says .  conflicting reports over why air france jet crashed with 228 aboard .  oil slick appears to rule out midair fire or explosion , brazil minister says .  but two spanish pilots say they saw `` intense flash '' in area where jet crashe .
 cable departs from hulu model with 'tv everywhere ' <sec> comcast and time warner will give cable subscribers online access to tv content .  program is called tv everywhere and will begin testing next month .  tv everywhere represents alternative -- and possible threat -- to popular hulu model .  some of time warner 's content will remain on hulu.co .
 new images show healthier fidel castro <sec> new : the video of castro is the first broadcast in at least a year .  new photo shows fit-looking castro meeting with ecuadorian president .  report : castro and correa met over economic matters and medical checkups .  he ceded cuba 's presidency to his brother in 2008 but is still communist party chie .
 walker 's fate in wisconsin comes down to ground game <sec> democratic groups say they contacted nearly 750,000 voters over the weekend .  republicans have contacted 4 million voters this year .  the recall fight stems from a battle over collective bargaining rights for public employees .  republican gov . .  scott walker faces off against democrat tom barrett , mayor of milwauke .
 'asia 's john daly ' aphibarnrat denies ryder cup winner in malaysia <sec> kiradech aphibarnrat wins shortened malaysian open by one shot on sunday .  big-hitting 23-year-old becomes fourth thai to win european tour-sanctioned event .  he heads off edoardo molinari despite dropping shot at the final hole .  denmark 's anders hansen claims third ahead of charl scwartzel and victor dubuisso .
 ferguson protests : cornel west , 49 others arrested <sec> new : total of people arrested increases to 49 , with more handcuffed at events monday evening .  activist and author cornel west among those arrested .  protest organizers : `` the police brutalized peaceful people protesting their brutality '' .  demonstrators are angry about police killings of vonderrit myers and michael brown , both 1 .
 apparent tornado rips through missouri town <sec> residents say the town of 900 will recover .  there is no word on injuries .  the national weather service says the damage appears typical for a tornado .  a silo was brought down and debris is scattere .
 state media : heavy snow in china kills 21 <sec> the snow began to fall monday on northern and central chinese provinces .  xinhua : more than 9,000 buildings have collapsed since monday .  xinhua : civil affairs ministry says 159,000 people evacuated from homes , vehicle .
 vatican shows rare public anger over leak <sec> the leak of private papers is `` immoral '' and `` despicable , '' a top archbishop says .  factions inside the vatican are jockeying over who will be the next pope , observers say .  the pope 's butler has been arrested and the head of his bank has been fired .  the scandals both undermine benedict xvi 's second-in-command , experts sa .
 a day in the life of a navajo cowboy <sec> vbs.tv spends time with navajo cowboys who are part of a bronc and bull riding league .  vbs.tv says it 's an unusual portrait of americana in the 21st century .  navajo riders face difficult economic hurdles as they seek success in rodeo circuit .  navajo riders have managed to get some mainstream exposur .
 cnn exclusive : exposing smuggler routes across the somalia-kenya border <sec> `` panya '' routes are used by smugglers to cross between kenya and somalia .  some are escaping uncertainty in somalia -- others seeking to enter kenya undetected for other reasons .  kenyan interior minister ole lenku acknowledges the challenges .  he says they are working on a new surveillance syste .
 severed goat 's head at wrigley field mirrors curse on chicago cubs <sec> an unidentified man in an unmarked van delivered a goat 's head to wrigley field .  it may have been an attempt to reverse an old curse on the team .  bill `` billy goat '' sianis took his goat murphy , a good luck charm , to a game in 1945 .  murphy got kicked out , and an angry sianis put a curse on the tea .
 poll results : waterboarding is torture <sec> 69 percent say technique is torture ; 58 percent say u.s. should n't use it .  interrogation method an issue in attorney general nomination .  michael mukasey 's refusal to reject technique troubles some senator .
 explainer : thailand 's political crisis <sec> november election date -- a government concession -- under threat .  bangkok turns into a war zone wednesday ; five people were listed as killed .  anti-government protesters support former pm thaksin who was ousted in 2006 .  protests have paralyzed parts of bangkok for month .
 deadly mudslides strike across east asia <sec> new : dozens dead , even more missing in taiwan from storm-caused flooding .  new : taiwanese villagers fear hundreds of people buried under mudslides .  reports : mudslides crush homes , bury unknown number of people in china .  more than 1 million people displaced in china , dozens missing , media repor .
 girl costs father $ 80,000 with 'suck it ' facebook post <sec> patrick snay filed an age complaint when his work contract was n't renewed .  he and his employer came to an agreement in which snay would get an $ 80,000 settlement .  his daughter posted about the deal , which was meant to be confidential , on faceboo .
 northern india grapples with 'himalayan tsunami ' <sec> new : more than 60,000 people are estimated to be stranded .  new : it 's the fastest ever onset of the monsoon season in india , meteorologist says .  heavy rain has set off floods that have swept away houses and roads .  a local official puts the death toll at 150 , but says some villages are still under wate .
 defense starts closing arguments in anna nicole smith trial <sec> new : prosecution concludes closing argument tuesday afternoon .  prosecution argues smith 's doctors fed her drug addiction .  the judge has been critical of the prosecution 's case .  two counts against smith 's lawyer-boyfriend were tossed ou .
 obama reiterates call for israel to halt west bank settlement activity <sec> obama says he 's `` confident '' the peace process can go forward .  mahmoud abbas says palestinian authority committed to 2003 mideast road map .  obama , abbas talk at white house week after obama met with israeli pm .  observers believe this is a pivotal time in the middle east peace proces .
 act of kindness honoring late daughter spreads around the world <sec> alyssa o'neill never got to have the pumpkin spice latte she asked for .  after her death , her parents bought 40 lattes for strangers .  that act has grown via facebook into a worldwide pay-it-forward movemen .
 san diego eighth-grader wins scripps national spelling bee <sec> `` i was just taking it one word at a time , '' snigdha nandipati says .  the 14-year-old tied for 27th place in last year 's spelling bee .  her victory came moments after her final challenger stumbled over `` schwarmerei .
 note to tsa : let me keep my shoes on <sec> christian lander says new tsa measures make his other flying complaints pale by comparison .  he says they wo n't work ; besides , post-9/11 terror tries were thwarted by passengers .  tsa strategy similar to sports anti-doping : tries to solve a problem retroactively .  lander : security depends on competence of intelligence services , average american .
 from the front line to the try line <sec> semesa rokoduguni is an up and coming star of rugby union .  the 25-year-old fijian has signed professional forms with top english club bath .  he has starred in the annual army-navy match at twickenham for past two years .  rokodoguni has served on the front line in afghanistan with his tank regimen .
 killing of politician triggers deadly violence in karachi <sec> a provincial politician was attending a funeral when he was killed .  his death sparked political and ethnic violence across karach .
 six months after bangladeshi factory collapse , not much has changed <sec> hussein : six months on from rana plaza collapse , conditions for workers remain poor .  compliance with safety standards difficult to manage due to number of factories .  owners of all-powerful garment industry influential in bangladesh politics .  corruption in bangladesh very common , according to transparency internationa .
