 nick gordon to dr. phil : 'i 'll be sober , i 'll be clean ' <sec> originally set up as an interview to tell the world his side of the story , nick gordon 's time with dr. phil turned into an intervention .  an unfocused gordon pleaded to see bobbi kristina brown before finally agreeing to attend reha .
 four dead in north carolina shooting ; suspect sought <sec> four men gathered in a parking lot shot and killed sunday in mount airy .  police chief dale watson : `` we do n't feel that this was a random event '' .  arrest warrant issued for a suspect identified as marcus chavez gonzalez , 29 .  watson said all four shooting victims were hispanic male .
 u.s. affidavit in ricin case offers twists and turns but no motive <sec> new : fbi says tae kwon do site is `` sealed off '' and that a forensic examination is ongoing .  dutschke , 41 , was arrested and accused of sending letters with ricin to obama , others .  dust mask and other samples tied to a mississippi man positive for ricin , an affidavit says .  a witness says dutschke talked about being able to make a `` poison '' and mail it to official .
 huntsman , the man who was n't there <sec> jon huntsman drops out of gop race after weak performance in new hampshire .  dan schnur : huntsman did not self-destruct , but his candidacy never caught on .  schnur says huntsman did n't become much of a presence in the gop debates .  huntsman 's decision to skip the iowa caucuses helped lessen media 's interest in him , he say .
 opinion : what made london samaritan so brave <sec> ingrid loyau-kennett talked to murder suspects right after london hacking to calm them .  jason marsh : people who step up like her often think they have skills to help , like she did .  marsh : such people , sometimes , are a bit nonconformist .  he says we all have the potential to shake the `` bystander effect '' and find our inner her .
 sole survivor in texas shooting looks for hope <sec> new : grandfather credits cassidy stay with saving 20 lives by alerting authorities .  new : he says she played dead after being shot , then told police others were in danger .  the teenager speaks out for the first time , after her parents and 4 siblings were killed .  cassidy quotes from harry potter : `` happiness can be found even in the darkest of times .
 ex-madam , seeking office , faces drug charges <sec> kristin davis is accused of peddling prescription drugs .  davis , 38 , is running for new york city comptroller .  prosecutors say there was an fbi stin .
 verdict due next week for pakistani doctor linked to bin laden search <sec> dr. shakil afridi is accused of working with the cia to verify bin laden 's whereabouts .  he was convicted in 2012 of anti-state activities but the verdict was overturned in august .  a court says it will deliver the verdict in his retrial on december 1 .
 facebook tries to make salman rushdie change his name to ahmed <sec> author salman rushdie takes to twitter to protest facebook .  the social network wanted him to change his posted name to ahmed , he says .  facebook requires users to go by their real names .  rushdie is famous for `` the satanic verses '' and several other work .
 17 things in nyc 's super bowl lineup <sec> super bowl sunday in new york offers fun for fans and nonfans alike .  chinatown 's lunar new year parade is happening on february 2 .  two-for-one broadway tickets offer another distraction in new yor .
 the birther movement : immune to facts ? <sec> a significant portion of the electorate continues to believe obama was n't born in america .  there is overwhelming evidence that obama was born in hawaii in 1961 .  emory 's drew westen says race is a key factor , and that people often block out facts they dislike .  northeastern 's bill mayer notes the long history of conspiracy theories in u.s. politic .
 eye disease uveitis can blind if not caught early <sec> most young people with uveitis , a rare disease , also have juvenile arthritis .  only about one out of 10 kids with arthritis also develop the disease in their eyes .  if not treated early , uveitis can damage vision and in some cases lead to blindness .  early diagnosis and treatment with biologic drugs , such as enbrel , can control swellin .
 woods back on top of the world <sec> woods returns to no . .  1 spot after two-and-a-half-year absence .  victory over justin rose takes woods to joint record eighth win at same pga event .  woods now starts 624th week at the top of world ranking .
 djokovic wins monte carlo masters <sec> djokovic wins monte carlo masters .  defeats berdych 7-5 , 4-6 , 6-3 .  djokovic had earlier beaten clay expert nadal in semi .
 tampa police make arrests in tortured dog case <sec> police found the pup after neighbors heard gunshots .  cabela is expected to be rehabilitated within 4 to 6 weeks .  her treatment cost thousands of dollar .
 tokyo to host 2020 olympic games <sec> celebrations in japan after winning 2020 vote .  prime minister shinzo abe expresses his joy at ioc decision .  japan is still battling image of fukushima disaster .  istanbul would have been first muslim country to host the olympic game .
 predatory snakes become prey in florida everglades <sec> florida everglades are perfect place for burmese pythons to live and breed .  huge snakes breed quickly and travel quickly .  one reptile expert patrols the area for snakes to captur .
 pope francis leads good friday services <sec> pope francis leads the stations of the cross at the colosseum in rome .  earlier , he celebrated good friday mass at st. peter 's basilica at the vatican .  good friday , which recalls the day jesus died on the cross , is a solemn day for believer .
 opinion : zimmerman case echoes issues of race , guns <sec> paul waldman : zimmerman trial reflected much of u.s. struggle with race ; verdict did not .  he says reasonable doubt and florida law made acquittal unsurprising .  he says it may not have been law 's intent , but the threat it addresses is colored by race .  waldman : o'reilly , limbaugh , others are race-baiting when they warn of unrest after verdic .
 bin laden charges formally dropped <sec> new : facial recognition and dna tests confirmed bin laden 's death , affidavit says .  new : chance of mistaken id is about 1 in 11.8 quadrillion , official says in affidavit .  the u.s. accused bin laden in the 1998 u.s. embassy bombings in east africa .  a u.s. military raid killed bin laden on may .
 gaza and israel continue to be pounded as diplomatic efforts intensify <sec> new : an israeli spokesman confirms negotiations are ongoing , does n't give details .  new : `` we do n't hate ( gazans ) ... we want to live in peace , '' shimon peres says .  israel has finished preparations for a ground invasion , an israeli ambassador says .  palestinians do n't want ground war , `` but we are not afraid of it , '' hamas ' leader say .
 rapper brisco is robbed , but not rattled <sec> security video shows brisco getting a trim when four armed men rush in .  gold watch , bracelet , chain , pendant , range rover were stolen .  `` it 's great material for my next album , '' rapper say .
 michael graves , architect and designer , dies at 80 <sec> american architect michael graves dies in princeton at age 80 .  graves designed buildings as well as household items like tea kettles for target , jcpenne .
 lauryn hill pleads guilty to tax evasion <sec> lauryn hill pleaded guilty friday to evading federal taxes on $ 1.8 million .  the singer faces a maximum one-year sentence for each of the three counts .  her attorney indicated that she plans on paying back the taxes owe .
 bigger than banksy : polish street art goes large <sec> polish street artists 'etam ' have been transforming the sides of buildings across the country .  their work has appeared in poland , russia and germany .  artist natalia rak has also painted house-size murals in poland and the u.s .
 fbi : tennessee mother , daughter dead ; 2 kidnapped daughters , suspect at large <sec> new : jo ann bain and her daughter adrienne were found dead in mississippi , the fbi says .  they and 2 other daughters were reported missing april 27 in western tennessee .  authorities say their suspected kidnapper is considered armed and dangerou .
 senate confirms blair as director of national intelligence <sec> retired adm. dennis blair confirmed by unanimous consent .  confirmation comes after previous director michael mcconnell resigned .  earlier this month , president obama nominated blair as chief of intelligenc .
 police : males wielding sledgehammers , guns rob memphis jeweler <sec> armed robbery is reported at a jewelry store in memphis .  suspects were dressed all in black , police say .  many hide in the mall and elsewhere following the incident .  mall 's general manager says no shots were fire .
 thousands remember victims on 20th anniversary of turkish massacre <sec> the madimak massacre happened on july 2 , 1993 .  37 people were killed when a mob set their hotel on fire .  most were members of the alevi sect .  commemorations happened in sivas , ankara , and istanbu .
 katey sagal : peg bundy to motorcycle mama <sec> katey sagal 's series about cyclists , `` sons of anarchy , '' is out on dvd .  sagal says being a mother has given her insight into her major roles .  she hears rumors about `` lost , '' but nobody 's told her anything personall .
 cdc lab director resigns after anthrax incident <sec> michael farrell led the bioterrorism rapid response and advanced technology lab .  farrell submitted his resignation tuesday .  the potential anthrax exposure happened between june 6 and june 1 .
 developer strikes it rich with iphone game <sec> the iphone has become a gold mine for those who create games for the device .  steve demeter developed the popular puzzle game `` trism '' in his spare time .  `` trism '' earned demeter $ 250,000 in two months , inspired him to quit his bank job .  the app store has helped open the game-development field to entrepreneur .
 blaming media in california gun rampage is nuts <sec> an 11-page manifesto from accused gunman comments on tv personalities .  howard kurtz says it 's foolish to pay attention to media preferences of the suspect .  he says some see the situation as payback for criticism of palin after giffords shooting .  kurtz : what difference does it make which politicians , pundits the suspect admires .
 review : von trier 's 'antichrist ' an atrocity <sec> `` antichrist '' has met with vitriolic reaction at film festivals .  lars von trier film stars willem dafoe , charlotte gainsbourg as troubled couple .  horror goes from moody to over-the-top and graphic .  to cnn.com 's tom charity , the film is a `` calamitous atrocity .
 why do sports stars collapse in action ? <sec> soccer player 's tragic collapse sparks debate about heart problems in sporting arena .  english doctor says that top-level competition can unmask underlying health conditions .  cardiologist in u.s. says that screening can not always discover these problems .  they both call for more heart testing for top sports player .
 when will a french rider win the tour de france ? <sec> france has two riders on tour podium for first time since 1984 .  jean-christophe peraud finished second and thibaut pinot third .  last french winner was bernard hinault in 1985 .  italy 's vincenzo nibali won his first tour sunda .
 the long road to redemption : lance armstrong realizes it 's ok to be human <sec> in interview with oprah winfrey , lance armstrong says he regrets fighting the usada , when the agency claimed he had doped .  `` i was a bully , '' he says about retaliating against people who accused him of doping .  i will spend the rest of my life ... trying to earn back trust and apologize , '' armstrong say .
 official : ex-employee kills two in baton rouge shooting <sec> new : victims from walker , louisiana , and denham springs , louisiana , official says .  official : worker put finger between trigger guard of gun to stop suspect from shooting more .  officials identify suspect as richard matthews , 53 , of slaughter , louisiana .  suspect : `` they would n't give me my unemployment '' as he is escorted by polic .
 darth vader actor battles prostate cancer <sec> david prowse , who played darth vader in `` star wars , '' has prostate cancer .  prowse says he is undergoing radiotherapy at hospital in south london .  actor said every man over 50 should have a blood test for prostate cance .
 pakistan police : son of slain governor abducted <sec> shahbaz taseer was abducted as he traveled to his office in lahore , police say .  he is the son of assassinated punjab governor salman taseer .  police say the governor was killed by a bodyguard because he criticized blasphemy law .
 atlantic season 's 1st tropical storm forms near belize <sec> new : storm could re-emerge into gulf of mexico and regain intensity .  storm 's maximum sustained winds near 40 mph .  storm forecast to dump up to 10 to 15 inches of rain over belize .  2008 hurricane season begins sunda .
 wounded vet goes from 'life slipping away ' to soap opera star <sec> j.r. martinez was injured by land mine in iraq in 2003 .  he was trapped in humvee as more than 40 percent of his body was burned .  as martinez went through difficult recovery , he became motivational speaker .  he landed role on `` all my children '' soap opera playing a wounded vetera .
 study : '16 and pregnant , ' 'teen mom ' led to fewer teen births <sec> mtv 's `` 16 and pregnant '' may encourage teens to use birth control .  teen births in the united states have been steadily declining since 1991 .  part of the decline can be attributed to the recession , expert say .
 iran planning to send ships near u.s. waters <sec> state-run news agency says there will be a `` powerful presence '' near u.s. borders .  adm. habibollah sayari made the announcemen .
 lindsay lohan 's stains not news , rep says <sec> tabloid photo shows lohan stained teeth .  lohan rep : lindsay 's `` one of the most beautiful women on the planet '' .  lohan prosecutor is unaware of any probation problems .  the actress returns to court wednesday to report on probatio .
 'great train robber ' ronnie biggs released to die <sec> ronnie biggs freed on compassionate grounds because of ailing health .  biggs took part in 1963 great train robbery , dubbed `` crime of the century '' in uk .  biggs , 80 on saturday , has been hospitalized suffering from severe pneumonia .  biggs escaped from jail , spent decades as a fugitive before returning to uk in 200 .
 online piracy laws must preserve web freedom <sec> ivan sigal and rebecca mackinnon say congress is mulling bills to stop online piracy .  laws would make social media platforms proactively police for copyright violations , they say .  they say drafters mean to protect copyright , but effect will be to stifle dissent .  writers : laws should reflect congress ' stated aim to protect rights of internet users globall .
 icc opens inquiry into gaza conflict <sec> an inquiry allows the court to review evidence and determine whether to file charges .  the u.s. calls for negotiations between palestinian , israeli official .
 puppies train to smell bombs , narcotics and missing people <sec> police dogs can nose out explosives , drugs , bodies and missing people .  kaden , at 4 months old , is training to become of the the few basenjis bomb dogs .  training usually begins in puppyhood so handlers can imprint skills .  about 35,000 police dogs work in the u.s. , group say .
 can i take my pot on a plane ? <sec> colorado and washington state airports are seeing passengers try to depart with pot .  the tsa has seized marijuana-laced products from checked baggage .  the denver airport banned pot on its premises , but other colorado airports have not .  the seattle airport can not ban pot on its premises , according to state la .
 you asked the expert : greenwashing <sec> scot case answers your questions on greenwashing .  has green become a new form of `` premium brand '' ? .  what green words and phrases should raise a red flag ? .  click here to read more answers to your question .
 as u.s. ponders syrian aid plan , vicious al qaeda group goes on rampage <sec> the rogue islamic state of iraq and syria has alienated even other al qaeda groups .  it 's feared that isis could wrest control of a key border province with iraq .  more moderate rebels say they are trapped between isis and the assad regime .  they plead with the u.s. and the west to give them more ai .
 newtown parents learn comforting details about son 's death <sec> newtown parents emerge from isolation after son 's death in school massacre .  they remember dylan hockley , 6 , as always smiling and full of joy .  dylan was found wrapped in the arms of his teacher , according to the teacher 's husband .  they lived down the street from adam lanza , who killed 26 people at sandy hook schoo .
 what we can learn from rutgers ' former coach <sec> do you know the coaching philosophy of your child 's sports coach ? .  coaches have profound influence -- positive or negative -- on a child 's psyche .  even though the writer 's son is young , the rutgers coaching video gives her paus .
 tycoon , ex-cop guilty of pop star 's murder <sec> egyptian mogul and ex-police officer guilty of lebanese singer 's murder .  her body was found in apartment in united arab emirates .  prosecutors alleged ex-officer was paid $ 2m to kill singer suzanne tamim .  new : men sentenced to death , lawyer for tycoon says he plans to appea .
 married same-sex couple awaits ruling on federal benefits <sec> court to rule on defense of marriage act ( doma ) .  it defines marriage as between one man , one woman .  same-sex couples not able to receive federal perks for married .  debate is over role of federal government in the issu .
 germany lifts quarantine on 3,000 farms in contaminated egg scandal <sec> new : germany publishes initiative for animal feed safety .  lower saxony says it may lift the quarantine on more farms .  denmark thinks some contaminated feed may have been given to hens there .  a german official says a company knew its fatty acid was contaminated with dioxi .
 at least 3 winning tickets for $ 448 million powerball jackpot <sec> new : new jersey tickets were sold in south brunswick and little egg harbor .  paul white bought the winning ticket in minnesota .  the lucky numbers : 5 , 25 , 30 , 58 , 59 ... and powerball number 32 .  the powerball jackpot was $ 448 millio .
 obama : gbagbo should cede power in ivory coast <sec> u.s. recognizes alassane ouattara as leader , obama says .  the president urges incumbent president laurent gbagbo to cede power .  gbagbo risks more isolation if he does not step down , obama say .
 could 'community ' be revived on hulu ? <sec> hulu is in talks to revive `` community '' .  fans have requested `` six seasons and a movie '' .  nbc canceled the show in ma .
 'we are humans , not animals , save our souls , ' pleads houla massacre witness <sec> more than 100 people , dozens of them children , killed in syrian town of houla .  witness mahmoud al houli says victims were attacked `` with knives and machine guns '' .  al houli : `` the situation is very bad , there is a severe shortage of medical supplies '' .  `` we are afraid that the massacre will happen again , '' he tells cn .
 pinups of bikini-clad women hid jailbreak route , officials say <sec> two inmates broke out of union county jail saturday night , officials say .  they removed blocks from walls , hiding their work behind pinups of women in bikinis .  the duo made it over 25-foot fence to escape jail 's top-security area .  one was awaiting sentence for manslaughter ; the other faced robbery charge .
 hamilton wins italy grand prix <sec> lewis hamilton wins italy gp .  british driver beat team rival rosberg into second .  tensions between the two dominated build up .  felipe massa finished thir .
 boston herald apologizes for obama 'watermelon ' cartoon <sec> the boston herald cartoon was published wednesday . .  the cartoon depicts the white house intruder and president obama . .  critics say it plays off a stereotype about african americans .
