 five things to know about north korea 's planned nuclear test <sec> north korea has vowed to carry out a `` higher level '' test .  experts and officials say it could take place at any time .  opinions vary on exactly what kind of test it may carry out .  another nuclear test is likely to further strain relations in east asi .
 unc hires outside attorney to investigate academic irregularities <sec> university hires independent counsel to look into irregularities .  wainstein worked for justice department for two decades .  cnn highlighted ongoing problems with student-athlete literac .
 hoboken mayor zimmer : 'it 's true ' chris christie withheld sandy funds <sec> new : dawn zimmer says she met with the u.s. attorney 's office at its request .  threat delivered by lieutenant governor came from christie , hoboken mayor says .  zimmer tells cnn that christie played politics with sandy recovery funds .  christie team denies funds were held hostage for backing of redevelopment projec .
 family of boxer fights for pardon of 1913 racist conviction <sec> heavyweight champ jack johnson was arrested around 1908 .  his offense : transporting a white woman across state lines for `` immoral purposes '' .  relatives working with washington powers to get johnson a posthumous pardo .
 '97 suicide bombing victim sues hotel to get money from iranian president <sec> stuart hersh wants the warwick hotel to give him the money iran pays for its officials ' rooms .  a u.s. court awarded him $ 12 million from iran for injuries in a bombing .  ahmadinejad is coming to new york for the annual united nations assembly .  as an alternative to the money , hersh said he 'll take ahmadinejad 's room .
 deadly bomb blast rocks u.n. building in nigerian capital <sec> new : at least 18 people are killed , officials say .  new : a witness says she heard two blasts in quick succession after a white suv raced past .  hospital officials say there are `` many dead '' and many undergoing emergency surgery .  nigeria has seen a series of bombings in recent month .
 foreign medical students traveled to syria , mp says <sec> families say the doctors and students went to turkey to help refugees .  `` they have been cheated , brainwashed , '' parliamentarian mehmet ali ediboglu says .  the group is made up of britons , sudanese , an american and a canadia .
 7 young athletes light olympic cauldron at lively opening ceremony <sec> `` i declare open the games of london , '' the queen says .  ex-olympian steve redgrave passes the flame to seven young british athletes .  the ioc chair notes all delegations have female athletes for the first time .  the opening ceremony features odes to british history , literature and musi .
 poll : illinois governor named naughtiest politician of 2008 <sec> cnn poll : rod blagojevich was the naughtiest politician in 2008 .  illinois governor accused of trying to sell president-elect obama 's senate seat .  former gov . .  eliot spitzer was second in poll , followed by former sen. john edward .
 world cup 2014 : fifa 's long haul anti-doping plan <sec> fifa will transport samples taken at brazil 2014 to a lab in switzerland .  plan put in place after world anti-doping agency ( wada ) suspended testing at lab in rio .  the swiss facility in lausanne was used during the 2013 confederations cup .  wada president john fahey says logistical problems are `` not insurmountable .
 rocker gene simmons marries longtime girlfriend shannon tweed <sec> simmons has dated shannon tweed for 28 years .  the proposal comes after a nasty tiff between the two this summe .
 with surprise boost from steve jobs , news app is a hit <sec> the pulse app allows users to read content from up to 60 publications on one interface .  the app costs $ 1.99 for the ipad and 99 cents for the iphone and android devices .  apple ceo steve jobs praised pulse during a developers conference in jun .
 helping kids get well one car ride at a time <sec> more than 80,000 children in alabama reportedly live in homes without a car .  fireman russell jackson quit his job to start a nonprofit to help fill that gap .  kid one has ferried 16,000 children to and from medical-related appointment .
 foul-mouthed hacker hijacks baby 's monitor <sec> hacker curses at 2-year-old through baby monitor in her room .  houston father says web camera turned to face parents when they arrived .  the girl , who is hearing-impaired , never woke up .  experts say to make sure monitors are password-protecte .
 obama honors 7 cia officers killed in afghanistan blast <sec> `` let their sacrifice be a summons , '' obama says .  service held friday morning at cia headquarters in langley , virginia .  7 cia officers were killed december 30 in suicide bombing in afghanistan .  intelligence analyst says suicide bombing was `` a huge blow , symbolically and tactically .
 occupy roundup : a deserted park and impending evictions <sec> zuccotti park wears a deserted look .  dallas protesters meet with the city to consider next steps .  police use pepper spray on protesters in seattle .  toronto protesters win an injunction against a city eviction notic .
 beach house owner 'numb , confused ' after fire kills 7 students <sec> `` heartbroken '' house owner 's daughter among six survivors hospitalized .  one survivor jumped out of a third-story window into a canal to escape .  university of south carolina mourns deaths of six student .
 house republicans to offer payroll tax plan <sec> new : senate democratic leader rejects planned house proposal .  separate democratic and republican proposals are blocked in the senate .  raising taxes remains an unresolved issue dividing democrats and republicans .  house gop proposal links payroll tax cut to an oil pipeline project , defying obam .
 pondering pyongyang : beijing 's problem child <sec> pyongyang reacted angrily to tougher sanctions after its third nuclear test .  chinese trade with north korea has been a lifeline for the isolated regime .  but beijing has struggled to control the angry rhetoric from its neighbor .  expert : china fears a north korean collapse would spark a refugee crisi .
 opinion : why robots are ready for takeoff <sec> keller rinaudo : his company is a team of nerds with sci-fi dreams of robots that enhance lives .  he says combination of smart phones , wi-fi and the cloud enables dreams to become real .  hackers are in position to innovate with robots in many ways , he say .
 source : police seize cab of man tied to student 's death <sec> source : police seize a taxi that was once owned by jesse matthew .  he was cab driver in 2009 , when a young woman went missing ; her remains later found .  source has said dna links matthew to morgan harrington 's case , though is n't charged .  matthew is being held on an abduction charge in hannah graham 's disappearanc .
 this week on marketplace middle east <sec> opec , which supplies 40 percent of world oil plans on cutting more output .  this is the third cut since the fall and is supposed to stabilize prices-will it ? .  or is opec just looking out for its own interests ? .  plus , ceo naguib sawiris talks about his north korea expansion plan .
 south korea 's 'best of the best ' tackle cyber crime <sec> south korean government is training some of the brightest code-breaking minds .  `` best of the best '' program designed to train computer experts to defend against cyber attacks .  seoul has accused north korea of being behind many of these cyber attack .
 lighting the way for safe childbirth <sec> the `` solar suitcases '' designed by we care solar are saving lives around the world .  many mothers , babies are dying because their health facilities lack reliable electricity .  one of the solar kits also helped during a recent cholera outbreak in the congo .  do you know a hero ? .  nominations are open for 2013 cnn heroe .
 'birther ' colonel 's attorney wants charges dismissed <sec> new : lt. col. terrence lakin 's attorney wants charges thrown out .  new : lakin did not enter a plea at friday 's hearing .  lakin said he does not believe president obama was born in the united states .  hawaiian officials have said they have documents that prove otherwis .
 iraqi immigrant convicted in arizona 'honor killing ' awaits sentence <sec> an arizona jury convicts father of running over his daughter , killing her .  he could receive up to 22 years in prison .  he believed she had become `` too westernized , '' prosecutors say .  the mother of the victim 's fiance was seriously injure .
 italy victory seals qualification <sec> italy win 2-1 in scotland to secure their qualification for the euro 2008 finals .  the result means scotland can not qualify and will now finish third in group b .  france will also be reaching the euro 2008 finals after the result in glasgo .
 leonard nimoy diagnosed with lung disease <sec> leonard nimoy has announced he has copd .  he encouraged his twitter followers to quit smoking .  even in light of his health problem , nimoy says he 's still enjoying lif .
 man questioned in fatal tennessee armory shooting <sec> officials said a person was in custody , being questioned .  the victim had served in the army national guard for more than 20 years .  he was a sergeant who ran the unit 's day-to-day operations .  the gunman got inside and fired several shot .
 16 still missing after chopper ditches in atlantic <sec> new : search to continue `` until there 's absolutely no chance '' of locating survivors .  new : people aboard chopper should be wearing survival suits , locator beacons .  one survivor in hospital , one man found dead , 16 still missing .  18 aboard were oil workers ; copter ditched into waters off newfoundlan .
 deion sanders calls out son for 'hood doughnuts ' remark <sec> deion sanders calls out son for `` hood doughnuts '' comments .  `` you 're a huxtable with a million $ trust fund . .  stop the hood stuff ! .
 is this the world 's most 'british ' vacation ? <sec> eastnor castle has been land rover 's training and testing ground since 1962 .  visitors can try their hand at off-road driving through the forest tracks , steep hills , deep water and mud around eastnor castle .  the best of britain tour ends with a chance to attend the famous burghley horse trial .
 dem , gop senators want to weed $ 23.6 billion in antiquated payments to farmers <sec> democratic and republican senators say trimming subsidies could save $ 23.6 billion .  feds pay some farmers subsidies for crops they have n't grown in years .  critics say proposal could end up costing more than current system .  others say food stamp cuts in bill would hurt those who need help mos .
 immigration chief apologizes for 'offensive ' costumes at her party <sec> man in prison outfit , dreadlocks and darkened skin make-up came to party .  party host was julie myers , head of immigration and customs enforcement .  she and other judges at first gave man praise for costume 's `` originality '' .  but some were offended and myers later apologized in an email to employee .
 stars come out for flood relief exhibition <sec> roger federer and rafael nadal play in rally for relief in aid of queensland floods .  women 's top players including vera zvonareva and kim clijsters also lend support .  lleyton hewitt and pat rafter captain two teams in entertaining exhibition .  nearly $ 2 million already raised from the event at rod laver arena in melbourn .
 lahore suicide bomb blast kills 23 <sec> new : blast outside lahore court kills at least 23 people and injures 58 others .  suicide bomb exploded as lawyers were set to begin protest rally outside high court .  a man blew himself up after being stopped by police at a security barrier .  there were reports of a second blast , but these proved to be unfounde .
 vote a critical hurdle for tunisia <sec> ellen lust : historic election sunday will determine tunisia 's future , but there is little fanfare .  she says this is because laws restrict campaign activities and huge ballots are confusing .  she says years of repression have left tunisians cynical , uninformed , apathetic .  lust : worry that islamists will dominate or that old regime will intrude make vote crucia .
 once homeless vet 's mission to save his brothers-in-arms <sec> army veteran roy foster struggled with addiction and homelessness .  he could find no safe haven and decided to turn his life around and help other homeless vets .  a quarter of homeless adults are vets , and need mental , physical , re-entry help , he says .  foster co-founded center to provide shelter and services for homeless vets and familie .
 schools chief : we 're unfairly blamed in bullying-related suicide <sec> irish immigrant phoebe prince , 15 , hanged herself in january in massachusetts .  south hadley superintendent says prince did n't let school officials know of her troubles .  gus sayer says first knowledge of bullying campaign came just one week earlier .  he says he 's received hundreds of ugly messages , threat .
 if twinkie dies , we killed it <sec> dean obeidallah : hostess might shut down and prove twinkies are n't really indestructible .  the chemical-stuffed snack inspires nostalgia , he says , but who eats them now ? .  obeidallah : we rejected junk food and stopped buying twinkies , ding dongs .  still , the twinkie will live on in pop culture and had a good 82-year run , he write .
 football : rangers win old firm derby <sec> rangers score three second half goals to beat celtic in glasgow 's old firm derby .  steven naismith on target in each half for rangers who go four points clear at top in scotland .  celtic have charlie mulgrew sent off in the second half for second bookable foul .  old firm derby is one of the most hotly-contested in world footbal .
 bayh wo n't seek senate re-election <sec> new : president praises bayh for devoting `` his career and his life to serving his fellow hoosiers '' .  senator cites failure on jobs bill , deficit reduction panel as examples of broken system .  indiana centrist is third democratic senator to announce retirement .  democrats must defend five open seats in midterm races ; gop will have six open seat .
 luxury spas get caught in maldives ' political crossfire <sec> the government bans massage parlors and spas across the island nation .  the hotel industry takes legal action to try to get an injunction against the ban .  the move is the result of a political fight over the role of islam in running the country .  one resort says the hotel industry is ignoring the ba .
 limited cargo traffic resumes on ohio river after lock break <sec> new : auxiliary lock used to relieve blocked river traffic .  lock broke sunday morning ; cause not known , army corps of engineers says .  break happened about 65 miles northeast of louisville , kentucky .  in locks , vessels are raised or lowered to match elevation ahea .
 woman leads costa rican presidential vote <sec> new : solis bows out with 23.3 percent of the vote so far .  new : polls show chinchilla with 47.3 percent of vote , with a quarter of sites reporting .  chinchilla represents ruling national liberation party .  if no one takes 40 percent of the vote , a runoff election will be necessar .
 too soon ? date set for gop presidential primary debate <sec> a gop presidential primary debate has been scheduled for sept. 2015 .  the debate will be hosted by the reagan foundation in california .  the rnc has not yet said whether it will sanction the debat .
 bradley wiggins suffers giro frustration <sec> bradley wiggins second in eighth stage despite needing to change bike after puncture .  british cycling star is seeking to add italian race title to his 2012 tour de france win .  he is one minute and 16 seconds behind new leader vincenzo nibali of italy .  wiggins ' former teammate alex dowsett wins saturday 's time tria .
 senate postpones vote on $ 1.1 trillion spending bill <sec> lawmakers from both parties seeking amendments .  senate was facing a saturday deadline to approve the $ 1.1 trillion spending bill .  5-day continuing resolution expected to keep government operating until bill is complete .
 review : 'warhammer 40,000 ' well worth the investment <sec> in `` warhammer 40,000 : space marine , '' players control titus , a captain of the ultramarines .  all the action takes place in the third-person point of view .  hand-to-hand weapons can be knives , swords , axes and hammer .
 what an anti-isis strategy should look like ( opinion ) <sec> former lebanese prime minster fouad siniora says isis rise should not have been a surprise .  isis claims to be championing sunnis but does not represent islam , siniora says .  siniora : force alone will not be enough to uproot isi .
 ebola outbreak forces angola to close congo border <sec> democratic republic of congo has reported intermittent cases of ebola since 1976 .  world health organization reports 41 suspected cases , 13 deaths , since nov. 27 .  as a result of the outbreak , neighboring angola has closed its northeastern borde .
 up until 1940s , americans did n't even get tornado forecasts <sec> u.s . .  weather bureau started reporting severe weather at a few u.s. locations in 1943 .  forecasters were n't allowed to mention tornado possibility because of fears of panic .  first tornado forecast in 1948 gave air force base time to implement safety plan .  doppler radar greatly improved meteorologists ' ability to predict tornadoe .
 albania tense over razor-thin vote in capital <sec> clashes erupt at the central election panel , which is tabulating votes .  the socialist party mayor holds a 10-vote lead .  but a final count could tip the vote in favor of the government candidate .  political tension has run high in albania since a 2009 disputed electio .
 cameron , obama to discuss bp <sec> cameron , obama to discuss bp in phone call this weekend .  call follows british concerns about `` brit-bashing '' over oil disaster .  piers morgan says obama on `` witch hunt '' against bp boss .  london mayor urges end to `` buck-passing and name-calling '' .  state department spokesman denies 'britain-bashing .
 ted cruz burnishes firebrand style in new hampshire <sec> u.s. sen. ted cruz visits new hampshire , hits the white house on economy and obamacare .  a little girl in the crowd thinks the rhetorically speaking senator is warning of a literal global conflagration .  meanwhile , a goat that once bit jon huntsman does n't get the same chance with the texas senato .
 afronauts : fictional photos recall forgotten zambian space program <sec> in the mid-1960s , a zambian school teacher wanted to send the first african to space .  'the afronauts ' photo book is a fictional documentation of his endeavors .  the work , by cristina de middel , has been shortlisted for the deutsche börse priz .
 u.s. judge dismisses arizona claims against feds on immigration law <sec> the judge rules that arizona 's claims on immigration are without merit .  arizona 's governor vows to take fight to the u.s. supreme court .  arizona passed a controversial immigration law last year , triggering lawsuit .
 paul ryan : good for gop , bad for comedy <sec> dean obeidallah : there 's a severe downturn in the world of political comedy .  obeidallah : paul ryan , a middle-aged white guy from the midwest , is `` boring '' .  he says the golden years of political comedy were during the clinton and bush eras .  obeidallah : comedians can only dream about a ticket like : sarah palin and anthony weine .
 world war ii german bomber raised from sea <sec> german bomber was shot down during battle of britain .  pilot made emergency landing in english channel .  divers discovered the plane in 200 .
 islam is a religion , not a terror ideology <sec> jocelyne cesari : opposition to mosques shows a growing unease and fear of islam .  opponents mix up terrorists spouting islamic rhetoric with the religion , she says .  cesari points out christianity was not blamed for the terrorism during northern ireland conflict .  she says rather than demonize the `` other , '' we must imagine muslims as fellow citizen .
 hey mr. dj , the grammys are playing your song <sec> one of the most anticipated races at the grammys is among the dance/electronica artists .  in a first for the genre , guetta and deadmau5 will be performing a special electronica/dance segment .  guetta : `` i 'm very happy that ... the dance community and dj culture is getting a lot of attention '' .
 california lawmakers approve $ 20 million to settle dugard claims <sec> jaycee dugard missing 18 years before she was found in sex offender 's backyard .  settlement process `` unprecedented , '' says lawmaker 's spokesman .  bill requires approval of gov . .  arnold schwarzenegge .
 bp report spreads blame across gulf spill actors <sec> new : halliburton says bp 's report has `` substantial omissions and inaccuracies '' .  report lays much of the blame on contractors halliburton and transocean .  bp says its own team `` incorrectly accepted '' test results .  previous testimony pointed fingers at bp well desig .
 beethoven in the congo : kinshasa 's classical orchestra <sec> kinshasa-based symphony orchestra has been going strong for nearly 20 years .  it has to contend with power cuts and has had to use bike cable for violin strings .  the orchestra holds free concerts to inspire a new generation of musicians .  founder armand diangienda says his ultimate dream is to build a music schoo .
