 supreme court narrowly limits reach of labor unions <sec> new : illinois practice is clear first amendment violation , justice samuel alito writes .  new : ruling threatens employee well-being and patient care , union says .  the ruling says illinois home health care workers ca n't be forced to pay union dues .  experts : ruling will limit unions ' ability to expand but does n't deliver blow some had feare .
 andy warhol painting sold for $ 105.4 million <sec> `` silver car crash ( double disaster ) '' shows twisted body , wreckage of car crash .  price is a record for a warhol work ; sotheby 's auction house declines to name the buyer .  it 's the second-most expensive piece of art ever auctioned , sotheby 's says .  auction house calls it `` the most important work of contemporary art '' it 's ever sol .
 hyperinflation forces zimbabwe to print $ 200 million notes <sec> price of a loaf of bread jumps to 35 million zimbabwean dollars .  government accuses bank executives of illegal currency trading .  zimbabwe also faces widespread cholera outbreak ; food , power shortages .  president robert mugabe 's policies blamed for economic collaps .
 western brands eye chinese women <sec> young , urban chinese women who love western brands are h & m 's target market .  the beijing branch is h & m 's tenth store in mainland china .  china is a crucial part of the retailer 's plan to grow its brand in asia .  estee lauder 's clinique is trying to reach china 's 300m netizens via the interne .
 u.s. motorist wounds canadian border officer in shooting , then kills self <sec> new : a male motorist shoots female canadian border officer in her booth , police say .  new : motorist then apparently kills himself , police say .  new : border officer is breathing when she 's airlifted to hospital .  new : authorities shut down the peace arch across from blaine , washingto .
 cnn student news - april 18 , 2014 <sec> this page includes the show transcript and the daily curriculum .  use the transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary .  the daily curriculum 's newsquiz tests students ' knowledge of events in the news .  at the bottom of the page , please share your feedback about our show and curriculu .
 'bartendaz ' empower youth with acrobatic exercise <sec> bartendaz perform compound fitness moves using a pull-up bar , body weight .  with limited equipment , the exercises are financially and logistically accessible .  group also stresses gang prevention , leadership , substance abuse awarenes .
 no plans to kill 2nd giraffe named marius , danish zoo says <sec> jyllands park zoo says there 's no plan to kill one of its male giraffes , named marius .  there is no plan to send a female giraffe to the zoo for a breeding plan , the zoo says .  a petition set up to save the jyllands park zoo giraffe has more than 10,000 signatures .  last weekend copenhagen zoo killed a giraffe , also named marius , to prevent in-breedin .
 indonesia 's military chiefs snub singapore airshow <sec> indonesia 's top military brass confirm absence from singapore airshow .  snub is part of an escalation of tensions over warship naming .  singapore had previously rescinded the invitations of around 100 indonesian military personnel .  airshow will run from february 11 - 1 .
 death toll grows as lebanese soldiers , militants battle <sec> new : two militants , two civilians are killed in clashes , army says .  new : report : six soldiers are also killed .  fighting continues in several areas as army targets militants in security campaign .  clashes highlight a rift in lebanon 's sunni communit .
 first nationwide emergency alert system test hits glitches <sec> some television and radio stations did not air the planned 30-second test at all .  80 % to 90 % of the first stations to report said they rebroadcast the alert , an fcc official says .  officials say the test did what it was designed to do : find flaws in the syste .
 sierra leone ends 3-day nationwide ebola lockdown <sec> more than 75 % of the targeted 1.5 million households were contacted , officials say .  under the lockdown , no one was allowed to leave their homes for three days .  the deadliest ebola outbreak in history has killed at least 2,600 peopl .
 merkel : germany 'culturally richer ' following reunification <sec> the country will mark the 20th anniversary of reunification on sunday .  merkel is the first former east german to lead the reunified country .  she praises strides made since the west and east merged in 199 .
 didier drogba 's former chinese club stripped of 2003 title in match-fixing crackdown <sec> didier drogba 's former club found guilty of match-fixing .  shanghai shenhua stripped of 2003 chinese title and fined .  33 people handed life bans including four former chinese internationals .  punishments follow three-year investigation by chinese football associatio .
 my name is nandini krishnan , and i 'm an introvert <sec> nandini krishnan says she 's an introvert though she does not fit the profile of one .  krishnan is a writer , a stage actor and a stand-up comedian .  `` i 'm hoping to reach out to other people who are as introverted as i am , '' she told cnn .  have something to share ? .  submit your personal essay at cnn irepor .
 average americans do n't need assault weapons <sec> roland martin : gun lovers should be free to own shotguns , pistols and the like but not ak-47s .  martin supports right to own gun but says constitution does n't say any gun you 'd like .  he says national rifle association is wrong to oppose reasonable restrictions .  he says president is right about ak-47s -- they belong on battlefield , not city street .
 the man behind the heimlich maneuver : new autobiography <sec> `` many people think i came up with the maneuver by accident , '' says dr. henry heimlich .  in fact , the maneuver was developed after testing and experimenting on dogs .  heimlich , 94 , has written a new autobiograph .
 ukraine prisoners of war released under minsk ceasefire <sec> new : the european council formally adopts further sanctions against russia on monday .  ukraine and rebels confirm a prisoner release under the minsk truce agreement .  the kremlin says the ukrainian and russian presidents discussed the truce monday .  ukrainian president petro poroshenko confirms death of one soldier , one civilia .
 host 'concerned ' about 'top model ' audition melee <sec> police : 3 people were arrested saturday after melee at a tv show audition .  `` america 's next top model '' audition was held at a new york hotel , police say .  tyra banks , show 's host , says she does n't know what triggered the melee .  authorities : six people were injured ; two sought treatment at a hospita .
 ex-argentine president resigns top party post <sec> ex-argentine president nestor kirchner steps down as leader of ruling party .  ruling justicialist party loses majority in argentina 's chamber of deputies .  new composition of congress could shift power away from president .  analyst : `` the kirchners have been weakened by this latest economic crisis .
 five people flee from sydney cafe amid hostage drama <sec> at least five people have fled the cafe , seven network video shows .  police negotiators are in contact with a hostage taker , the official says .  australia 's pm says it 's unclear whether the violence is politically motivated .  local media carry images of people holding a black flag with arabic writin .
 new york explosion exposes nation 's aging and dangerous gas mains <sec> buildings where eight in east harlem died were served by a 127-year-old gas main .  u.s. utilities struggle to maintain and replace antiquated , leaky gas mains .  safety expert : `` gas explosions are happening way too frequently .
 korean navy diver dies in rescue effort near sunken ship <sec> new : u.s. divers plan to enter water on wednesday , official says .  diver lost consciousness while underwater during rescue and could not be revived .  rescue teams searching for 46 south korean sailors missing after friday explosion .  58 seamen were rescued soon after blast ; no bodies or survivors found since the .
 fedex plane crashes in texas <sec> fire reported as plane goes off runway in freezing rain at lubbock , texas , airport .  two crew members hospitalized with apparently minor injuries , official says .  atr-42 twin-turboprop operated by empire airways under lease to fede .
 massachusetts tornadoes kill at least 4 <sec> new : `` there was a ton of debris flying around , '' a witness says .  deaths have been reported in springfield , westfield and brimfield , massachusetts .  `` particularly devastating '' tornado damage reported in springfield .  gov . .  deval patrick has mobilized national guard troops to aid cleanu .
 lorenzo welcomes motogp rival rossi back to yamaha <sec> valentino rossi will return to yamaha on two-year deal from start of 2013 season .  seven-time world champion has struggled since leaving to join ducati in 2011 .  motogp series leader jorge lorenzo welcomes the return of his former teammate .  spaniard says rossi will be motivated by the prospect of renewing their rivalr .
 opinion : the bloodshed behind our cheap clothes <sec> kalpona akter : deadly factory collapse in bangladesh was inevitable , considering conditions .  akter started work in bangladesh 's garment industry at 12 , working 23 days in a row .  akter : 1,000 bangladeshi workers have died since 2006 in factory fires or accidents .  akter : multinationals that buy cheap clothing need to demand safety and pay living wage .
 mexico win boosts 2010 qualifying hopes <sec> mexico bounce back from two successive defeats to beat trinidad and tobago .  javier aguirre experiences first victory since taking over again with 2-1 triumph .  the result puts mexico up to fourth in six-team concacaf group at halfway .  honduras move up to third position in the group after defeating el salvador 1- .
 5 things you did n't know about cisco 's warrior <sec> meet padmasree warrior , executive at cisco , world-leader in networking equipment .  hotly-tipped to be next boss of company , once ceo john chambers retires .  indian-born executive is 57th most powerful woman in the world , according to forbes .  big on twitter , with 1.4 million followers , including u.s. president barack obam .
 india bids farewell to ascetic revered as a 'living god ' <sec> sri sathya sai baba is buried in a state funeral .  a multitude of devotees and politicians attend the rites in southern india .  the spiritual leader died on sunday at age 85 .  critics have accused him of fraud -- allegations he denie .
 mantecore , the tiger that attacked during siegfried & roy show , dies <sec> mantecore attacked roy during a sold-out performance in 2003 .  roy was left paralyzed in the attack .  the show was canceled .  siegfried remembers the tiger fondly in facebook pos .
 headbutt lands brazilian striker brandao in jail <sec> brazilian striker brandao given one-month jail sentence .  bastia forward 's punishment likely to be community service .  brandao punished for headbutting paris saint-germain 's thiago motta .  motta 's lawyer says severity of punishment linked to brandao 's role model statu .
 congolese warlord lubanga gets 14 years for using child soldiers ; will serve 8 <sec> thomas lubanga was convicted of recruiting child soldiers during a bloody civil war .  former child soldiers testified that lubanga recruited them to kill , rape and rob .  lubanga 's case marked the international criminal court 's first trial and verdic .
 france faces end of coffee and cigarettes <sec> smoking ban in france extended to bars , clubs , restaurants , cafes from jan 1 .  smoking ban first introduced in february 2007 for public buildings , workplaces .  about 13.5 million people in france smoke out of a population of 60 million .  similar bans now exist in ireland , italy , spain , belgium and britai .
 spanish league strike called off <sec> a strike called by the union that represents spain 's footballers has been called off .  fifteen games due to take place sunday will now go ahead . .  the union was angry that matches would take place on jan 2 , during the winter break .  madrid 's high court said it had no jurisdiction in the cas .
 afghan mines wo n't guarantee victory <sec> pentagon estimates afghanistan has nearly a trillion dollars worth of minerals .  fareed zakaria says such wealth often does not trickle down to most people .  he says key to success is a political settlement that legitimizes afghan government .  zakaria : u.s. , karzai should woo away moderate elements of taliba .
 no surprise caracas named 'murder capital of world ' <sec> foreign policy magazine names caracas , venezuela , the murder capital of the world .  venezuela to step up efforts to fight crime in caracas in 2009 .  violence is gang- and police-related , and often poor on poor .  new orleans , louisiana , comes in third on magazine 's list of top fiv .
 north korea : stop sending it luxury goods ( opinion ) <sec> u.n. report on north korea in february noted crimes against humanity .  european countries must do more to enforce sanctions , authors say .  luxury goods expenditures tripled since kim jong un 's succession , they sa .
 virgin galactic spaceship to make farnborough debut <sec> virgin galactic 's space ship two to make its european debut at farnborough .  billions of dollars in aircraft orders are expected to be placed at uk show .  boeing 's long-delayed 787 dreamliner is expected to make an appearance in qatar color .
 gulf coast beaches update <sec> oil affects sections of pensacola beach and perdido key beaches .  all of florida 's beaches are still open , including tourist hot spots panama city and destin .  health officials have issued advisory against swimming in alabama gulf water .
 will more medical tests make us healthier ? <sec> mark cuban said people should have their blood tested every quarter .  gilbert welch : giving people more tests will increase health spending , but it wo n't make us healthier .
 halloween pardon sought for executed british witches <sec> petition seeks pardon for uk witches hundreds of years after their deaths .  around 400 people were executed in england for alleged witchcraft .  the witchcraft act of 1735 put an end to trials of accused witches .  in 2004 one scottish town managed to get a pardon for 81 accused witche .
 mingo county , west virginia , meet your new sheriff <sec> rosie crum steps in for her husband after he was killed .  she will be sheriff through the end of next year .  the mother of two was active in local politics .  crum , who lacks law enforcement experience ; will have `` plenty of help .
 opinion : nigerians right to be wary of u.s. intentions <sec> more than 200 schoolgirls kidnapped in nigeria on april 14 are still missing .  the mass abduction has been claimed by militant islamist group boko haram .  the united states is among the countries that have offered to help nigeria find the girls .  tolu ogunlesi says nigerians realize foreign help is needed but query u.s. motive .
 will san francisco name airport after slain gay icon harvey milk ? <sec> activists hope to hear slain politician harvey milk 's name at airports around the world .  milk was one of the first openly gay politicians in the united states .  a lawmaker plans to introduce legislation to rename san francisco 's airport after milk .  san francisco international airport has 40 million passengers annuall .
 opinion : obama , the pain and fear must be named <sec> eric liu : president obama must do more than list policy fixes for inequality at sotu .  liu : he needs to reckon with those who have mixed emotions about `` falling behind '' .  he says the heart must be acknowledged and its pain and fear must be named .  liu : obama must tell those who feel shame for being poor to do away with self-blam .
 colombian military reports killing 18 leftist guerrillas in two attacks <sec> colombian military : 18 leftist guerrillas killed in two operations .  air force and special forces attacked farc in meta department , military says .  military : 1¾ tons of cocaine seized wednesday in cordoba department .  more than 200 tons of cocaine worth $ 5 billion seized in 2009 , military report .
 summer rewind : looking back at 1974 <sec> historians view the 1970s as a transitional era in the united states .  in 1974 , americans were weary from the vietnam war and the watergate scandal .  ahead of them was disco and the `` me '' decad .
 founders accuse cuban government of 'kidnapping ' mega-music festival <sec> rotilla was largely apolitical 3-day rave .  co-founder charges cuba has barred organizers from meetings .  festival was financially independent .  government does not commen .
 top travel destinations for 2013 <sec> moroccan capital a new unesco heritage site .  budget airlines making travel more affordable and accessible .  major anniversaries in amsterdam , the netherlands .  150 year anniversary of u.s. president lincoln speec .
 singer , actress eartha kitt dies at 81 <sec> kitt died in new york , where she was being treated for colon cancer .  her daughter , kitt shapiro , was by her side .  her recording of saucy christmas song `` santa baby '' was certified gold last week .  kitt made a name for herself in as catwoman in `` batman '' tv serie .
 despite newtown , we crave violent movies <sec> lz granderson : tarantino 's bloody `` django unchained '' got two golden globes .  film that makes mass murder look cool is hugely popular even after newtown , he says .  he says celebrities who protest gun violence yet star in ultraviolent films are hypocritical .  granderson : films should n't be censored ; the real culprit is our addiction to violenc .
 iraqi soldiers , police drop weapons , flee posts in mosul <sec> witness says isis members told people to return to `` liberated '' mosul .  top shiite cleric urges national unity `` to stand up to the terrorists '' .  residents : most government forces have pulled back from falluja .  iraqi prime minister calls on men to volunteer to fight , promising to provide weapon .
 arsenal go top as manchester city up to second with win over liverpool <sec> manchester city beat liverpool in top of table clash .  win moves city to second in epl standings .  liverpool slip to third after defeat at etihad .  arsenal return to top with earlier 3-1 win at struggling west ha .
 2 u.s. soldiers , afghans killed in taliban attacks <sec> unknown gunmen killed afghan supreme court official in kabul on saturday , police say .  two isaf members killed friday were american , u.s. official says .  taliban claims responsibility for killing americans friday , 18 afghan soldiers saturda .
 deadly typhoon causes taiwan 's worst flooding in decades <sec> report : 600 villagers buried in mudslide in southern taiwan .  typhoon morakot 's winds clocked at 118 kilometers per hour ( 73 mph ) in its eye .  nearly 1 million people evacuated from china 's fujian and zhejiang provinces .  another typhoon hit west japan on monday , with 12 people confirmed dea .
 dubai agrees to pull plug on pakistani tv networks <sec> new : geo-tv president : `` it seemed very obvious that they were going to do this '' .  order comes on the request of pakistani president pervez musharraf .  geo-tv and ary digital offer varied programming , including news .  both networks transmit from the united arab emirate .
 police charge man in machete robbery of supreme court justice breyer <sec> new : police on the island of nevis say a man is charged with robbery in the case .  justice breyer was vacationing on the caribbean island when he was robbed .  a machete-wielding assailant made off with $ 1,000 .  neither breyer , his wife nor two others with them were injure .
 report : hamas kills 18 suspected informants for israel <sec> operation to abduct the teens was not approved by leadership , hamas official says .  the death of the teens has been followed by weeks of violence .  palestinian death toll is 2,092 , according to gaza ministry of health , not including executions .  hamas executes 18 suspected informants for israel , tv report say .
 opinion : the follies of santorum 's hitler analogy <sec> iranian official hamid babaei fires back at recent claims comparing iran to nazi germany .  babaei : iran should be able to enjoy its right to peaceful nuclear energy .  the hitler analogy , he says , has a long and tortured history and is off point in this cas .
 photo winners capture uk 's diversity <sec> winners of the 2011 british wildlife photography awards announced .  image of jellyfish taken off a uninhabited scottish island declared overall winner .  competition open to photographers worldwide but photos must be taken in u .
 zimmerman verdict reactions ring out in protests , calls from pulpit <sec> new : protesters rally in new york , denver , baltimore and detroit .  new : `` if it can happen to her son , it can happen to anybody 's son or daughter , '' says one .  obama urges `` calm reflection , '' asks americans to reflect on toll of gun violence .  leaders call for protests to remain peaceful , push for chang .
 investigation into death of notorious b.i.g . heats up <sec> christopher wallace was shot and killed in 1997 .  a source says the unsolved case was `` reinvigorated '' because of new information .  the source would not say what the new information wa .
 massachusetts woman guilty of killing friend , cutting baby from womb <sec> body of darlene haynes , 23 , was found in her home in worcester , massachusetts .  prosecutors : julie corey strangled her before cutting baby from her womb .  as the verdict was read , corey cried and placed her hands over her fac .
