 scottish minister hits back at trump in wind farm row <sec> donald trumps controversial golf course will open in scotland next month .  plans for an adjoining hotel have been shelved in a row over an offshore wind farm .  trump has threatened to sue the scottish government if the wind farm is not scrapped .  scottish first minister alex salmond tells trump to stay out of government matter .
 kaymer can deny westwood in race to replace woods as no . 1 <sec> martin kaymer enters race to replace tiger woods as world 's number one golfer .  german rose to fourth in world on monday after winning his third successive tournament .  westwood failed to achieve the second-place finish which would have ended woods ' 279-week reign .  kaymer will now play in spain at the end of october and could become number on .
 this week on marketplace middle east <sec> egypt 's tourism industry seems to be improving as tourists return to the nation .  there are concerns the government might impose strict rules like the ban of alcohol .  mme sits down with air arabia ceo adel ali to discuss the low-cost carrier 's expansio .
 world should n't stay silent in face of syrian regime 's brutality <sec> nader hashemi : human rights groups agree syrian regime is guilty of crimes against humanity .  he says the brutality of al-assad regime has gone on for decades , aided by torture .  west could take steps to show support for oppressed people of syria , he says .  hashemi : in syria , the colossal scale of human suffering should be foremost in our mind .
 official : al-shabaab leaders contact kenyan government to negotiate <sec> new : an al-shabaab commander says its militants will strike kenyan targets in return .  a kenyan government spokesman denies al-shabaab overture .  another kenyan official said al-shabaab wants to talk .  kenyan forces entered somalia two weeks ago to pursue al-shabaa .
 similac commercial is a hit with the parenting crowd <sec> new ad by formula maker similac has been viewed more than 4 million times .  the ad showcases how much parents judge decisions by other parents .  fathers ' groups applaud the inclusion of dads but feel the tagline alienates modern father .
 own an ipod ? then you 're suing apple <sec> ipod owners have been enlisted in a class-action lawsuit against apple .  the music service harmony allowed users to play songs downloaded from the realplayer music store on apple 's ipod .  apple created a firmware update that blocked other music services from uploading songs to the ipo .
 colorado town 's vote on drone ordinance postponed <sec> vote is on hold while a court determines the ordinance 's legality , mayor says .  the ordinance would allow deer trail residents to hunt for federal drones .  the response to the measure is mixed .  `` shooting at an unmanned aircraft could result in criminal or civil liability , '' says the fa .
 pope ends year as he began it -- with apology to jews <sec> pope benedict xvi in trouble for praise of world war ii-era pope pius xii .  pius is accused by critics of failing to speak out against nazis and holocaust .  vatican says benedict was just agreeing with panel considering pius for sainthood .  benedict angered jews in january with support for holocaust-denying bisho .
 libyans flee fighting in ajdabiya , end up in harshness of desert <sec> tents have sprouted in the rolling desert .  people fleeing ajdabiya have nothing with them .  the situation is dire for libya 's war displace .
 former colombian president blasts u.s. anti-drug strategy <sec> cesar gavir argues that the war on drugs has failed .  gavir : time to replace current policy with `` more humane , efficient approach '' .  colombia remains the principal source of cocaine for the world .  this is despite $ 6 billion in anti-drug aid from u.s. in past decad .
 powell aide says torture helped build iraq war case <sec> lawrence wilkerson criticizes dick cheney for defending interrogation methods .  interrogations aimed at finding `` smoking gun '' linking iraq and al qaeda , he says .  by 2002 , u.s. officials decided `` we had al qaeda pretty much on the run , '' he says .  representatives of former vice president decline comment on allegation .
 enterovirus d68 sickens more than a dozen in new york <sec> new york state department of health confirms cases of enterovirus d68 .  enterovirus d68 seems to be causing breathing problems for children with asthma .  colorado , illinois , iowa , kansas , kentucky and missouri also have confirmed case .
 nigerian tv survival show suspended after drowning <sec> anthony ogadje , 25 , reportedly drowned in shere hills lake .  he was preparing for the show , `` gulder ultimate search '' .  dutch brewer heineken 's local unit sponsors the progra .
 sudan orders aid agency expulsions <sec> up to 10 aid agencies ordered to leave sudan , u.s. source says .  oxfam , medicins sans frontieres among those facing expulsion .  u.n. : these agencies are main providers of life-saving humanitarian services .  move comes after warrant issued for sudan president on war crime charge .
 opinion : raise your son to be a mama 's boy <sec> peggy drexler : people stigmatize `` mama 's boys , '' thinking they 're weak .  in fact , studies show close relationship to mother can yield many benefits , she says .  drexler : mama 's boys are less aggressive , more adaptable and patient .  she says one downside is that a close mother-son bond could disrupt the son 's marriag .
 scientists say movie androids not as far-fetched as they seem <sec> in `` surrogates '' sexy , stylish robots live life for their owners .  scientists say `` telepresence '' with robots is real , will improve .  california company anybots developing robot that can jump , climb stairs .  director : androids are `` logical conclusion '' of technology that already exist .
 world 's most impressive metro stations <sec> newly opened fulton transit center in new york features a conical oculus that pulls light deep underground .  at 50 meters deep , toledo station , in naples , feels filled with light .  part of the oldest metro , london 's westminster looks super-futuristic .  a german station features a train car crashing through the sidewal .
 teenage girl found dead in barracks , army says <sec> second girl found unconscious in barracks at fort lewis , washington .  soldier has been questioned , but no arrests have been made .  the two teens had no outward signs of trauma on them , spokesman says .  fort lewis not open to civilians but can be escorted onto base by personne .
 world cup joy for bosnia as fairytale ending comes true <sec> bosnia-herzegovina reaches world cup finals for first time in country 's history .  england makes it through following home victory over poland .  spain and russia seal places at next year 's tournament .  france , portugal , iceland all qualify for playoff stag .
 hot djokovic denies no . 1 nadal in epic indian wells final <sec> new world no . .  2 novak djokovic wins indian wells title for the second time .  serbian prevents top-ranked rafael nadal from achieving record-equaling third win .  the 23-year-old claims the $ 605,500 first prize following 4-6 6-3 6-2 victory .  women 's no . .  1 caroline wozniacki beats marion bartoli in wta event fina .
 storm moves east after dumping snow on texas , oklahoma <sec> storm in or on its way to virginia , w. virginia , carolinas , tennessee , kentucky , arkansas .  there is snow and ice in nashville and north georgia mountains .  oklahoma city closes runways friday afternoon with near zero visibilit .
 retailers clamoring to buy your old phones <sec> at & t launches a service in its stores for trading in old cell phones , including competitors ' .  verizon and sprint have long offered buy-back programs .  best buy and ebay recently expanded their own gadget trade-in program .
 variety of proposals on ballots in 37 states <sec> california voters reject legalizing marijuana , cnn projects .  medical marijuana measure fails in south dakota , cnn projects .  arizona , south carolina and south dakota approve anti-union measures , cnn projects .  colorado rejects definition of `` person '' in anti-abortion measure , cnn project .
 casey stoner comes out of retirement for honda test <sec> double motogp champion casey stoner is coming out of retirement to test for honda .  the 27-year-old australian will take part in four tests in japan .  stoner says he still misses riding a motogp bike but has no plans to make a full return .  honda 's new star marc marquez leads 2013 championship after a debut win at u.s. grand pri .
 obama marks king 's unfinished dream <sec> obama commemorates the 50th anniversary of king 's `` i have a dream '' speech .  king 's words `` belong to the ages , '' obama says .  as the first black president , obama is seen as a product of the civil rights movemen .
 chavez embalming 'quite difficult , ' acting venezuelan president says <sec> chavez died this month after a battle with cancer .  the original plan was to embalm chavez .  scientists say embalming chavez may be difficul .
 inter hit with fine for racial abuse of former striker balotelli <sec> inter milan fined $ 65,500 for racist abuse during sunday 's derby with ac milan .  inter fans directed taunts at their former player mario balotelli .  fans also displayed offensive banners , used a laser pen and abused a second player .  balotelli fined for gesturing at fans as he left the pitc .
 chinese 'underage ' gold gymnasts cleared <sec> china 's gold medal gymnasts cleared of competing while under age limit of 16 .  international gymnastics federation announces decision after investigation .  further doubt cast on members of the 2000 chinese olympic squad .  ioc ordered probe after widespread claims that chinese squad were too youn .
 new details emerge about proposed islamic center <sec> islamic center in new york planned for 11 stories , source says .  project will be 120,000 square feet , 10,000 of which would be muslim prayer space .  interfaith area being considered in the $ 100 million facilit .
 device for hauling up trapped chilean miners 'works perfect ' <sec> `` we did a test with a capsule in a tube 12 meters long , '' engineer says .  rene aguilar : `` we were trying to see how the capsule functions in the tube '' .  metal casing would have to be lowered into the hole before rescue attempt .  officials : tentative date for bringing up miners is early novembe .
 hackers claim attack on cia website <sec> new : it was like `` attacking a bridge with graffiti , '' a law enforcement official says .  lulz security , a hacker group that supports wikileaks , says it `` takes down '' the cia .  the central intelligence agency website appears to be working normally .  the lulz boat posted a fake story about tupac shakur on the pbs website last mont .
 o'brien : haiti 's cultural core suffers , too <sec> jacmel , seaside town of 40,000 about hour from port-au-prince , is haiti 's cultural capital .  an estimated 10 percent of the town 's residents were killed in the quake .  the town has also lost its cultural buildings , paintings and masks that drew tourists .  young filmmakers put skills to work , get the word out of jacmel 's pligh .
 why health reform is key for minorities <sec> houry , heron : if romney wins , ends health reform , minorities especially affected .  they say people of color are a third of u.s. population , account for nearly half of uninsured .  they say more in low-paying jobs that do n't offer insurance ; tend to delay care due to cost .  writers : if reform repealed , there will be more illness , expense . .  a healthy nation prosper .
 police officers disciplined over wedding brawl <sec> nine police officers face suspension for response to wedding brawl .  four others will receive written reprimands .  police in galveston , texas , announced findings of internal investigation .  houston astros pitcher brandon backe among 13 arreste .
 iran executes woman who killed her alleged rapist <sec> u.s. state department condemns execution , questions fairness of trial .  woman was sentenced to death for the 2007 killing of a former intelligence ministry employee .  rights group says she was sexually assaulted and killed her attacker in self-defense .  it says she was convicted of murder after `` a flawed investigation and unfair trial .
 sandra day o'connor a supreme court spectator <sec> supreme court resumes its work after a three-month recess .  former justice sandra day o'connor returned to hear first-day argument .  court also disposed of more than 2,100 appeals that had piled up over the summe .
 'i 'm just a bill : ' schoolhouse rock , 40 years later , still teaches generations <sec> in 1973 , a jazz musician created the popular children 's short videos to help kids learn math .  the series of catchy , educational videos is still popular online .  'just a bill ' explained how a bill becomes a law in washington .  new : bob dorough says he 's not surprised the videos still resonat .
 obama to gop : stop copying me on economy - cnnpolitics.com <sec> president obama said he welcomed republicans talking about income inequality `` if it actually leads them to take different actions '' .  potential 2016 republican contenders have started mentioning the growing income gap and pushing the party to do the same .  the president views the improving economy after a difficult recession as a potential cornerstone of his legac .
 man who police say killed 3 iranian rockers was booted from band <sec> police : ali akbar mohammadi rafie took his own life after shooting former band mates .  `` he was not a natural fit within our group of friends , '' surviving members say .  the yellow dogs were featured in a 2009 cnn report about iran 's underground rock scene .  loss of their fellow musicians left `` a gaping hole in our hearts , '' members sa .
 concern about food , fuel in wake of japan disasters <sec> new : there are still `` quite big aftershocks '' in sendai .  new : helicopters are helping the rescue effort in sendai .  people are waiting in long lines at grocery stores and gas stations .  aftershocks are still rattling nerves , nearly two days after the quak .
 opinion : the most infamous world series <sec> bob greene : throwing world series ? .  seems impossible with fans watching so intently .  but it happened , infamously , in 1919 . .  a clever sportswriter found a way to say it without saying it .  chicago tribune reporter quoted white sox manager 's bafflement at his team 's lousy performance .  greene : in pre-digital era , reporter crusinberry artfully telegraphed series was throw .
 storm threatens california with flooding , mudslides <sec> evacuations ordered , schools closed near santa cruz .  storm is expected to dump as much as 8 inches of rain .  storm could hit parts of southern california that the station wildfire burned .  residents filled sandbags to prepare for floodin .
 mccain 's time as pow and senator marked in hanoi <sec> mccain 's time in vietnam marked at hanoi hilton and where he was captured .  a portion of the hoa lo prison has been preserved and turned into a museum .  mccain 's flight suit , helmet and parachute are on display at the museum .  mccain spent 5½ years in the hanoi hilton and was released in 197 .
 u.n. report : syrian children tortured , used as human shields <sec> hillary clinton concerned about reports russia supplying helicopters to syria .  a top u.n. official says syria is in a civil war .  60 people were killed tuesday , opposition group says ; syria reports 36 `` martyrs '' buried .  u.n. report : children tortured because relatives suspected of supporting the oppositio .
 latino boom makes orlando proving ground for obama <sec> both obama and romney to speak to latino officials and activists in florida .  hispanic vote in florida could tip balance in key battleground state .  democrats ' lead among florida hispanics is growing , according to research center .  republicans counter that latinos will vote on obama 's economic recor .
 obama , rice discuss gaza strikes <sec> president-elect initiated eight-minute call with secretary of state .  obama `` will continue to closely monitor '' middle east events , aide says .  he has promised to make peace in the region a priorit .
 for harlem skaters , it 's not about olympic gold <sec> serious figure skaters face huge costs , making pursuit of the sport unattainable for many girls .  sharon cohen 's nonprofit gives girls from low-income communities lessons , equipment , and tutoring .  figure skating in harlem participants must maintain a b+ average in school .  do you know a hero ? .  nominations are open for 2014 cnn heroe .
 the uncomfortable role white parents play in diversity <sec> susan bodnar : `` white is not the signifier of normal '' .  author : work , students and her kid 's schools altered her `` white centric '' perspective .  bodnar : i want to live in a society where dignified difference constitutes our common core .  raise children to accept their own stories so they can respect others , author say .
 'red alert ' issued for colombian volcano after non-explosive eruption <sec> galeras volcano previously erupted in january .  a slight plume of smoke and ash was seen wednesday .  the volcano is in southwestern colombi .
 opinion : how i became a 'seeker ' <sec> kyra phillips became a born-again christian as a teen .  she attended a christian college , but left after her sophomore year .  phillips says she now considers herself a seeker of spiritual enlightenmen .
 no guts , no glory : starting a business in a downturn <sec> mike haskamp started his own business the month he was laid off and divorced .  haskamp went from working in markets to launching his own martial arts championship .  maximilian von poelnitz found a problem and started a business to solve it .  von poelnitz started a high quality meals delivery service aimed at the executive se .
 why nbc did n't want 'wonder woman ' <sec> nbc picks up projects `` playboy , '' `` the firm '' and `` prime suspect '' .  warner bros. may shop pilot starring adrianne palicki elsewhere .  nbc chairman : `` you look at what you have , what you need , and it just did n't seem to fit in .
 use u.s. troops against isis ? romney , durbin weigh in <sec> president obama lays out a worst-case scenario in which isis gains a nuclear weapon .  in such a case , the president says he 'd use u.s. ground troops against isis .  democrat dick durbin , republican mitt romney both take exceptio .
 rapper too short busted in hollywood <sec> too short 's real name is todd anthony shaw .  shaw ran after blowing in the intoxication meter , police say .  `` he did n't get very far at all , '' an lapd officer says ; he faces felony drug and dui charge .
 skin whitener advertisements labeled racist <sec> indian lawmaker slams skin whitener products as racist , highly objectionable .  series of advertisements in asia give impression light skin better than dark skin .  many looking to marry say they want light-skinned partner .  companies say their products are meeting a deman .
 bernie ecclestone backs vladimir putin on gay rights issue <sec> bernie ecclestone backs russian president vladimir putin on gay rights issue .  `` i 've great admiration for his courage to say what he says , '' formula one chief tells cnn .  `` 90 % of the world agree with him as well , '' says ecclestone ahead of russia 's f1 debut .  ecclestone is cleared by london court thursday in compensation cas .
 one person charged in death of aspiring actress , california police say <sec> charges filed against one suspect , second suspect released .  victim , 21 , had moved from arizona to pursue hollywood dream .  her body was found in her apartment two years ago , police not disclosing cause of deat .
 lionel messi equals raul 's champions league record <sec> lionel messi pulls level with raul 's record haul of 71 champions league goals .  barcelona striker scores two goals in the spanish club 's 2-0 victory over ajax amsterdam .  argentine needs one more to break raul 's mark while cristiano ronaldo is on 70 .  manchester city sink bottom of the group after home defeat by cska mosco .
 protesters made 'contact ' with prince charles ' wife <sec> new : 21-year-old arrested for swinging on a flag at war memorial .  the heir to the british throne and his wife drove through protests thursday .  they were not hurt .  police release photos of 14 people they want to question over violence at the demonstratio .
 minnow bradford in fairytale triumph <sec> minnow bradford city progresses to league cup final .  city wins 4-3 on aggregate following 2-1 defeat at aston villa .  bradford is first team from fourth-tier to make final since 1962 .  chelsea or swansea will provide opposition in fina .
 becker : federer will be year-end champion <sec> boris becker picks roger federer to win the atp world tour finals .  season-ending event takes place at the 02 arena in london from 21-28 november .  german said that federer will not dominate tennis in the future because of nadal and other top players .  three-time world tour finals champion added that andy murray has impressed so far on home soi .
 nasa launches moon research mission <sec> grail stands for gravity recovery and interior laboratory .  a rocket carrying two orbiters launched from cape canaveral .  the mission will study how the moon was forme .
 vermont fraternity suspended over rape survey <sec> leadership from sigma phi epsilon met with the university wednesday .  `` it is technically free speech , and yet it is deplorable , '' a school official says .  the national office of the fraternity says it is investigating the inciden .
