 is 'alpha house ' parody of gop on target ? <sec> a pilot show , `` alpha house , '' depicts gop senators in unflattering light .  julian zelizer says show makes republicans out to be hypocrites .  he says the party is perceived to lack authenticity in pushing conservative values .  zelizer : gop has n't shown it is party of fiscal restraint , national security , moralit .
 cnn student news transcript : january 20 , 2011 <sec> examine a program that teaches chinese language and culture to american students .  delve into a debate surrounding the second amendment to the u.s. constitution .  watch what happens when researchers test the echolocation talents of some dolphins .  use the daily discussion to help students understand today 's featured news storie .
 hargreaves free-kick sinks arsenal <sec> manchester utd beat arsenal 2-1 in the premier league game at old trafford .  united go six points clear of chelsea , who play wigan on monday .  arsenal are nine points adrift of the leaders with four games to pla .
 exclusive : edison chen breaks silence on celebrity sex scandal <sec> actor gives exclusive interview with cnn on the sex scandal that rocked asia .  chen faced death threats ; careers of some girls in explicit photos ruined .  returns to hong kong to explain his side of scandal and its effects .  watch even more from the interview in exclusive online only footag .
 can nintendo get its mojo back ? <sec> nintendo president says new titles will turn around lackluster wii u sales .  japanese company has kept low profile at this year 's e3 video-game expo .  iwata compares wii u to nintendo 3ds , which started slow then picked up .  new `` mario bros. , '' `` zelda '' and `` donkey kong '' titles are on the wa .
 obama 's speech highlights rise of 3-d printing <sec> obama 's state of the union address puts focus on emerging 3-d printer field .  president calls for 15 innovation centers like one promoting the printers in ohio .  consumers can buy 3-d printers for the price of a high-end desktop .  they 're being used to make everything from jewelry to building .
 vincent gray is the latest d.c. mayor to be dogged by scandal <sec> gray faces heat over investigation into his campaign funding .  other washington mayors have been the subject of investigation .  most widely known is marion barry , who served time on a drug charg .
 settlement offer worth millions in 9/11 case to go before judge <sec> new : .  wtc captive insurance co. announced settlements with more than 10,000 plaintiffs .  wtc captive provides coverage to the city and its debris-removal contractors .  settlement would provide system to pay for compensation of injury claim .
 girls , you can run the world ( with education ) <sec> cnn 's `` girl rising '' documents extraordinary girls , power of education to change the world .  ireporters from india to mexico shared thoughts on what they would tell girls about education .  many shared inspiring stories of triumph over adversity and drive to succee .
 rising star simona halep races to qatar title <sec> simona halep wins qatar open .  romanian beats angelique kerber in final .  tomas berdych claims rotterdam title .  david ferrer triumphs in buenos aire .
 knife holder taken from pennsylvania school stabbing suspect 's home <sec> video games , players and knife holder among items taken from suspect 's home .  suspect alex hribal faces 4 counts of attempted homicide , 21 counts of aggravated assault .  hribal , a sophomore , has been arraigned as an adul .
 putin joins expelled russian agents in song <sec> putin says he sang patriotic songs with expelled agents in a recent meeting .  the prime minister tells reporters that betrayal exposed the spy network .  state media reports that putin knows the names of those responsible .  the agents were deported earlier this month after pleading guilty to failing to registe .
 newsman reveals suicidal thoughts <sec> newsman jim moret got hit hard and depressed by the recession .  after pondering suicide , he wrote about why he chose to stay alive .  says he learned to `` treat every day as if it 's your last '' .  `` i hope i am regarded as someone who touched a few lives in my time here .
 $ 40 million lawsuit slams police in ferguson , missouri <sec> the office of the st. louis county prosecuting attorney declined comment .  a lawsuit accuses police of violating rights and making unjustified arrests .  five people arrested in ferguson , missouri , are seeking $ 40 million in damages .  police in ferguson and st. louis county are defendants in the federal lawsui .
 paintings unveil george w. bush 's softer side - cnnpolitics.com <sec> george w. bush 's paintings will go on public display saturday at his presidential library .  the never-before-seen paintings are of 30 world leaders ; bush worked from photographs .  bush has enjoyed a boost in popularity since he left office aided by charitable works , painting .  bump in the polls comes against a backdrop of criticism over his administration 's torture tactic .
 police : 73-year-old man guns down 5 in southwest arizona , kills self <sec> 4 killed in yuma county and 1 in the city of yuma , a police officer says .  another person was injured as a result of shootings in yuma county .  one of those killed was a yuma attorney , the police chief says .  the suspect , a 73-year-old man , apparently killed himself , police sa .
 will chinese consumers lead the world ? <sec> china 's growing middle class is expected to grow from 350 million to 600 million by 2020 .  beijing 's new leaders trying to steer economy toward domestic spending rather than exports and investment .  concerns remain over wealth disparity and lack of social safety net in china .  foreign companies say it 's increasingly more difficult to compete in the domestic marke .
 dozens hospitalized during avicii concert in boston <sec> this is the latest incident involving concertgoers .  superstar dj avicii is the swedish artist behind the hit song `` wake me up '' .  most patients had a problem with dehydration , drugs and alcohol , authorities sa .
 'terminator : genisys ' trailer explodes online <sec> `` terminator : genisys '' trailer shows older arnold schwarzenegger .  schwarzenegger is still in fighting form , plunging into helicopter .  new film is due out in jul .
 charles taylor sentenced to 50 years for war crimes <sec> new : charles taylor aided `` the most heinous and brutal crimes recorded in human history '' .  new : a victim recounted having to carry the severed heads of her own children .  he was also found guilty of using `` blood diamonds '' to fuel a civil war and enrich himself .  the former liberian president sees himself as a victim of biased justic .
 sony 's privacy beats free speech ? ( opinion ) <sec> sony lawyer david boies asks twitter to block tweets of stolen company email .  paul callan questions a key court ruling permitting illegally obtained tapes to be broadcast .  callan : privacy may be a greater value than free speech , given nature of hacked sony materia .
 chimamanda adichie : powerful words <sec> 31-year-old novelist grew up in nigeria and studied in u.s . .  first novel was shortlisted for orange fiction prize ; has won other literary awards .  latest work is collection of short stories about the nigerian immigrant experienc .
 swine flu fears prompt run on uk pharmacies <sec> english pharmacies report shortages of surgical masks , hand gels , themometers .  swine flu cases surge in england ; 100,000 new cases in latest weekly figures .  government has set up helpline for those who fear they have become infected .  one pharmacist reports doling out tamiflu to 70 to 80 people a da .
 world equestrian games : sand , sea and saddles <sec> the alltech fei world equestrian games are taking place in france .  games are held every four years and last two weeks .  endurance race over beaches and countryside is 160km in distance .  uae won gold in individual event , spain won team titl .
 australia lodges complaint over bali 9 transfer <sec> australia 's foreign ministry lodges a complaint over the treatment of the two convicted men during a prisoner transfer .  a police commissioner appears in photos with the men , taken during a flight from jakarta to central java .  australia had offered to swap prisoners for bali 9 death row duo , but indonesia says there is no laws that allow for prisoner exchange .  australia pm : we hate drug crime , but we hate capital punishment , to .
 u.s.-arab coalition bolstered by show of force <sec> the coalition that struck isis in syria was notably devoid of western partners .  that was a departure from past american interventions in the region .  obama : `` this is not america 's fight alone .
 alleged libyan rape victim deported from qatar back to libya <sec> new : rights group official says `` all eyes '' are on eastern libya officials .  no reaction from qatari officials on eman al-obeidy 's deportation .  u.s. `` very concerned ; '' u.n. high commissioner for refugees seeks explanation .  al-obeidy tells cnn she was beaten , handcuffed and forced onto a plane in qata .
 'x-men ' character iceman outed as gay <sec> `` x-men '' original character bobby `` iceman '' drake is revealed to be gay in latest issue .  `` all-new x-men '' no . .  40 has psychic jean grey discovering drake 's sexuality .  iceman has been in marvel comics for over 50 year .
 survey : obama gets a thumbs down from the troops - cnnpolitics.com <sec> only 15 % of active-duty troops approve of obama 's job as commander-in-chief , according to a military times survey .  that 's an all-time low for obama , who ended 2009 with a 35 % approval rating .  an all-time high of 60 % of servicemembers support gays serving openly in the military three years after dadt reversed .  only 1 in 10 believe democrats and republicans have their best interests at hear .
 cnn student news - october 8 , 2013 <sec> this page includes the show transcript , the daily curriculum , and maps .  use the transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary .  the daily curriculum offers the media literacy question of the day , key concepts , fast facts and discussion questions .  at the bottom of the page , please share your feedback about our show and curriculu .
 angolan authorities seize u.s.-flagged ship <sec> the ship is seized in the west african country 's port of lobito .  the vessel was en route from senegal to kenya , local police say .  according to its manifesto , it was carrying soy .  but authorities say that beneath the soy lay weapon .
 police break up anti-imf protests in turkey <sec> police use water cannons to disperse anti-imf protesters in istanbul .  some protesters broke shop windows in and around taksim square .  imf delegates are in the city to discus ways to battle povert .
 nigeria militants claim attack on shell pipeline <sec> joint revolutionary council ( jrc ) of the niger delta claims pipeline attack .  jrc said one of its units attacked and `` exploded '' the tura manifold .  a spokesman for the nigerian military said the attack failed .  acting president goodluck jonathan was approved for the role tuesda .
 troops overseas get in on super bowl action <sec> about 1 million american military personnel , civilians overseas could catch game .  troops get department of defense ads instead of super bowl commercials .  global broadcast system will beam game to ships , submarines in the pacific ocean .  `` it 's always a great time for us , a good mental break , '' commander says of gam .
 christopher walken joins live-action 'jungle book ' <sec> both walken and giancarlo esposito joined the cast .  walken 's character sings in the animated musical .  the film remake already boasts a high profile cas .
 congress passes budget deal despite gop defections <sec> new : obama tells abc that some fiscal issues wo n't get resolved before the 2012 vote .  congress passes the budget measure for the rest of the fy2011 .  democrats and republicans remain at sharp odds over the fiscal year 2012 budget .  the two parties also have to reach an agreement over raising the debt ceilin .
 pierce brosnan returns to tv in 'bag of bones ' <sec> pierce brosnan stars in a tv mini-series adaptation of stephen king 's 1998 novel , `` bag of bones '' .  he portrays a writer who seems to be going slowly insane at a remote lake town .  brosnan has words of praise for the actor currently playing james bon .
 say goodbye to gridlock in washington <sec> ira shapiro : washington is seeing a surprising change in political climate .  after years of gridlock , two parties making progress on issues such as immigration .  he says much of the change is coming from members of the senate .  shapiro : senators want a return to days when congress actually functione .
 scott targets major titles after singapore success <sec> adam scott wins the singapore open for the third time with a total score of 17 under par .  australian won asian tour event in 2005 and 2006 before it became co-sanctioned .  scott claims his second title of 2010 as he rises 21 places in world rankings to 20th .  defending champion ian poulter fell away to finish the tournament tied for sixth positio .
 russia orders expulsion of u.s. diplomat accused of being cia agent <sec> new : u.s. state department confirms an officer was briefly detained and released .  new : `` it looks like a set-up to me , '' says a former fbi counterintelligence officer .  ryan fogle is declared `` persona non grata '' and ordered expelled from russia .  fsb : he was carrying `` special technical devices , '' lots of cash , wigs and dark glasse .
 wave of attacks in nigerian city leave 5 dead <sec> weekend attacks in nigeria 's capital kill at least five , injure more than a dozen .  three arrested after church bombing kills 5 .  female suicide bomber injures 5 kano police officers .  two arrested in foiled mosque attac .
 u.s. prepares guantanamo bay for possible influx of haitians <sec> soldiers at the base have set up tents , beds and toilets .  refugees would be placed more than 2 miles from detainees .  no current indication of a `` mass migration '' from hait .
 arkansas bus hijacking : knife-wielding man detained ; kids safe <sec> new : suspect told authorities people were after him , needed the bus to save his life .  new : nicholas john miller , 22 , is arrested ; incident is not his first brush with the law this year .  police : miller , armed with knife , boarded bus and took the wheel in jacksonville , arkansas .  11 children and the bus driver were on board ; no one was injured , police sa .
 what really happened in benghazi ? <sec> william bennett : president obama needs to come clean about the benghazi disaster .  bennett : it appears that high-ranking officials knew about the attack the night it happened .  he asks whether the president tried to secure american personnel .  bennett : the death of four americans at the hands of terrorists deserves serious scrutin .
 visualizing wellness for 2012 <sec> thevisualmd has launched '9 rules of wellness ' .  the first rule : know where you 're starting from .  nutrition , exercise , sleep , stress and joy are other topics .  the website makes use of visualizations , which bring medical data to lif .
 gillard : australia must embrace 'asian century ' <sec> australia launches a new policy aimed at tying its economic future to a rising asia .  would require every student to study an asian language and culture by 2025 .  creates a new ministry of asian century policy to drive educational and investment reforms .  seeks to increase agricultural and university investment to cater to newly rich asian neighbor .
 kyra sedgwick 's 'the closer ' not done yet <sec> tnt resumes sedgwick 's series `` closer '' where it left off in september .  sedgwick is also up for two sag awards sunday .  sedgwick expects to be in the executive producer 's role for at least two more year .
 'mild ' quake shakes san francisco <sec> 2,000 customers without electricity , power company says .  magnitude 4.2 quake set off home alarms , says oakland police dispatcher .  `` it was fairly mild , '' police say , no immediate reports of injuries , damage .  it was centered two miles east-northeast of oakland , about 3.6 miles dee .
 q & a ; : what 's behind sectarian violence in myanmar ? <sec> rohingya are a stateless muslim minority living in myanmar 's rakhine state .  they have clashed frequently with the western state 's buddhist population .  dozens killed and thousands of homes burned down in recent violence .  myanmar 's president pledged to address the issue during recent u.n. visi .
 commentary : where are the young voices on health care ? <sec> erica williams : there 's a myth that young people do n't care about health care .  she says young people showed concern about the issue in 2008 .  she says they overwhelmingly support obama 's health care plans .  williams : reform fight needs enthusiasm and perspective of young peopl .
 obama pokes fun at republicans , clinton , self at annual dinner <sec> obama delivers zingers at white house correspondents ' annual dinner .  president jokes republican party `` does not qualify for a bailout '' .  obama also pokes fun at vice president biden , secretary of state clinton .  obama says journalism industry 's success is essential to democrac .
 read aloud to infants every day , doctors advise <sec> the american academy of pediatrics announced new guidelines on early literacy .  doctors should encourage parents to read out loud to infants and children , group says .  research : low-income children hear fewer words than kids from higher-income families .  president barack obama touted importance of reading out loud in new vide .
 hundreds killed as battle for ivory coast turns streets into war zones <sec> new : at least 800 people were killed tuesday in the ivory coast , the red cross says .  new : a witness says , `` if you 're out on the streets , you 're basically a target '' .  laurent gbagbo has refused to cede power since a disputed november election .  forces loyal to alassane ouattara attack gbagbo 's home and take control of state t .
 new video shows 22-year-old boyle had talent <sec> new video of susan boyle singing to room full of football fans unearthed .  25-year-old footage taken at motherwell fc 's social club .  boyle , sporting a perm and looking trim , belts out barbra streisand track .  singing sensation was catapulted into spotlight after tv appearance last mont .
 labor day created to appease workers ( opinion ) <sec> sally kohn : labor day reminds us of the power of employers , government over workers .  kohn : milestones , haymarket square and pullman car co. galvanized movement .  kohn : president cleveland created labor day to appease workers .  kohn : workers are still fighting for hikes in minimum wage and better safety law .
 'muamba was in effect dead for 78 minutes despite 15 heart shocks ' <sec> doctors who treated fabrice muamba reveal soccer star was in effect dead for 78 minutes .  muamba still in a serious condition in hospital after suffering cardiac arrest .  the 23-year-old 's heart was shocked 15 times before it started responding to treatment .  off duty cardiologist watching the match explains how he went onto the pitch to aid muamb .
 barclays chairman resigns amid rate-fixing scandal <sec> barclays was fined $ 450 million last week by british and u.s. regulators .  bank admitted some of its trading desks deliberately under-reported interbank interest rates .  chairman marcus agius says he will step down when a replacement is found .  agius and ceo bob diamond face questions from uk lawmaker .
 costa rica elects first woman president <sec> new : chinchilla takes 46.8 percent of the vote , with most election sites reporting .  she thanks women in victory speech .  solis bows out , as pln took nearly 2-to-1 lead .  election day was festive throughout natio .
 'orange is the new black ' team raises money for injured costar <sec> actress michelle hurst was hurt in a car crash .  she was placed in a medically-induced coma .  her cast is raising money for he .
 merkel : ukraine peace 'uncertain ' after putin talks <sec> russian , ukrainian , german and french leaders plan to meet in minsk , belarus , on wednesday .  the u.n. says hundreds of civilians have been killed this year in the ukraine crisi .
 'liz & dick ' producer talks the risky business of hiring lindsay lohan <sec> larry thompson says lohan brought with her a younger demographic and risk .  he says liz and dick `` were the first brangelina '' .  thompson will next work on an oprah winfrey biopi .
 dominican leader keeps up crackdown on corruption <sec> president leonel fernandez fires 700 police officers in dominican republic .  he shuffles more commanders after forcing retirement of 31 military , police generals .  fernandez vows in a state-of-the-nation speech to rid the government of corruption .  fernandez says , `` listen well -- narcotrafficking will not pass .
 u.s. military closes detention camp in iraq <sec> u.s. miliary closes camp bucca , a detention center in southern iraq .  last remaining prisoners were transferred to another center in baghdad .  closure is in accordance with bilateral security agreement negotiated last year .  two remaining camps set to be handed over to the iraqis next yea .
 montana issues emergency order for spill , holds exxon responsible <sec> new : an exxonmobil official says oil detected 25 miles away ; the state says 90 miles .  montana declares a state of emergency for 7 counties , says exxonmobil is responsible .  company officials remain unclear of the cause of the spill in montana 's yellowstone river .  exxonmobil reports up to 1,000 barrels of oil -- 42,000 gallons -- escaped through a crac .
