 preston on politics : democrats prepare for the worst <sec> democrats running for senate seats in four key states are in dire straits .  gop 's obama rubber stamp argument seems to be resonating with voters .  but democrats running for governor in three states are competitive or leadin .
 micro-entrepreneurs emerge ahead of crucial cuban congress <sec> cuba 's growing class of small-business owners sees promise in economic reforms .  since november , 170,000 cubans have bought licenses to open businesses .  cuba plans to cut one million state jobs by 201 .
 can even oprah save lance armstrong ? <sec> lance armstrong is going to be interviewed by oprah winfrey .  howard kurtz says oprah is trying to overcome struggles on cable tv .  he says it 's predictable that armstrong would admit wrongs to oprah .  kurtz : it 's doubtful that even absolution by oprah could hel .
 pardon for black boxer jailed for interracial dating waits on obama <sec> jack johnson , the african-american boxing champion , convicted in 1913 .  sen. john mccain , rep. peter king back posthumous pardon .  resolutions passed house and senate this summer .  johnson served 10 months in prison for dating a white woma .
 more of air force one 's new york photo op released <sec> presidential plane 's flight over new york led to panic on ground .  air force releases 145 new photos of flight ; 1 had been released previously .  government e-mail chains from day of flight also released .  `` no positive spin is possible . .  admit mistake , '' says on .
 metallica , stevie wonder , neil young and crazy horse to headline outside lands <sec> skrillex , jack white , foo fighters , beck will play at the outside lands music festival .  metallica , stevie wonder and neil young will also perform at the san francisco event .  outside lands bills itself as `` the world 's only gourmet music festival .
 brazilian amputee model dead at 20 <sec> new : brazilian amputee model mariana bridi da costa died early saturday .  da costa 's hands , feet were amputated after she contracted septicemia .  da costa placed sixth in the miss bikini international competition in chin .
 how 'big four ' earned a pay rise for tennis colleagues <sec> 'big four - roger federer , rafael nadal , novak djokovic , andy murray - secure prize rise .  wimbledon prize money rises by 10 % to £16.1m - the biggest increase in 19 years .  largest increase will go to players knocked out early - up 26.1 % for first-round exits .  follows french open 's lead which gave first-round losers a 20 % boost and prize of $ 23,67 .
 pietersen row overshadows battle for cricket 's number one ranking <sec> england and south africa are the top two ranked sides in world cricket .  england need to win to maintain their number one ranking .  kevin pietersen has been dropped after `` provocative '' text messages sent to opposition .  pietersen has apologized , but is yet to discover if he will play agai .
 giffords doing well after surgery to replace skull bone <sec> new : surgeons implanted a piece of synthetic bone and also a shunt in u.s. rep. gabrielle giffords ' skull .  new : the shunt drains excess fluid from her brain .  giffords was shot in january in tucson , arizona .  doctors call her progress 'almost miraculous .
 piquet duo win libel case over renault <sec> renault f1 agree to pay damages to former driver nelson piquet jr. and his father .  the team admitted they were wrong in accusing the pair of lying in a press release .  piquet jr. revealed that team bosses ordered him to crash during the 2008 singapore g .
 veterans transition from war zone to classroom <sec> va : about 450,000 people used post 9/11 gi bill benefits for college this fall .  the transition from war zone to classroom has not been easy for many vets .  san diego state university has a veterans center to help ease that transition .  `` veterans have these shared life experiences , '' says the center 's directo .
 winter storm hits mid-south hard <sec> new : ireporters in areas unaccustomed to heavy snowfall enjoy the novelty .  asheville , north carolina , gets 11 inches of snow .  cary , north carolina , cancels winter festival because of winter storm .  ice and sleet cover roads in tennessee , carolina .
 u.s. successfully launches drone from submerged submarine <sec> navy researchers launch a drone from a submerged submarine .  the technology can give sailors a surveillance and recon edge .  a demonstration of the new technology was successfu .
 arraignment delay for california educator accused online of sex abuse <sec> new : da 's office : the arraignment is pushed back again , this time to april 18 .  andrea cardosa is expected in court on friday , could face life in prison if convicted .  authorities say she is the educator accused in a youtube video of sexual abuse .  `` our justice system requires more than a youtube video , '' her attorney say .
 raspberry pi robot will make you coffee <sec> rapiro can do numerous human-like tasks , including making coffee .  the robot 's control system is the size of a credit card .  it has 12 'servo motors , ' which increase its capacity for movemen .
 15 of the world 's most bike-friendly cities <sec> although europe is home to many bike-friendly cities , amsterdam is its bicycling capital .  designated cycling areas are appearing in many major u.s. cities , like boulder , colorado .  other world cities , like cape town , are making improvements to become bike-friendl .
 lawmakers hurl furious questions at ex-barclays ceo <sec> bob diamond brushes aside questions about giving up his bonuses .  ex-barclays ceo says he became `` physically ill '' after finding about rate-fixing scandal .  he resigned tuesday as head of barclays , one of the world 's largest banks .  the bank was fined $ 450 million over alleged manipulation of lending rate .
 baby 's protruding heart tucked inside body <sec> surgeons in india create space for dangling heart between chest and abdomen .  infant 's heart continues to beat throughout 3.5-hour operation .  physicians will watch response of 10-day-old 's displaced organs .  doctors say only five to eight cases of this kind in 1 million live birth .
 analysis : white house will find justice stevens tough to replace <sec> cnn 's bill mears says president obama has tough choice to make .  retiring justice john paul stevens had earned grudging respect from the right .  obama must balance competing pressures from liberals , conservatives , mears says .  mears : this supreme court nominee likely faces choppier water than sonia sotomayor di .
 fcc faces looming showdown on data roaming charges <sec> the fcc may be prepared to vote on a proposed rule that could limit wireless data-roaming charges .  the rule would mandate automatic data-roaming agreements between carriers .  it would also address consumer worries by requiring reasonable prices for this servic .
 nike duo woods and mcilroy humbled in the arizona desert <sec> tiger woods and rory mcilroy both lose in first round of match play championship .  world 's top two players fall at the first hurdle in arizona to players outside the top 60 .  mcilroy is beaten by ireland 's shane lowry while charles howell iii defeats woods .  defending champ hunter mahan through but keegan bradley and dustin johnson are ou .
 concern as buddhist mobs target foreign aid groups in myanmar <sec> u.s. : lack of `` adequate security forces and rule of law on the ground in sittwe '' .  rakhine state home to a violent ethnic conflict between buddhists and rohingya muslims .  violence sparked by aid worker 's `` disrespectful treatment '' of a buddhist flag .  humanitarian groups accused of favoring minority rohingya populatio .
 bundle up , forecasters warn , as arctic blast hits eastern us <sec> the national weather service warns the bitter cold is expected to continue .  forecasters predicted up to four inches of snow in the ohio valley and mid-atlantic .  freezing rain is forecast for northern georgia and portions of tennessee and the carolina .
 iran to add lawsuit over 'argo ' to cinematic response <sec> iranian state media : argo gives a distorted image of the iranian people .  a french lawyer says she will defend iran against films that harm the country .  the film does not purport to be an exact account of events .  iran is also to fund a cinematic response to `` argo .
 giuliana rancic is more religious since breast cancer surgery <sec> `` i never thought my marriage could be stronger , '' giuliana rancic says .  `` we prayed on our own , but now we prayed together , '' she says .  `` the surgery brought my risks down to 95 to 100 percent , '' rancic say .
 # fivewordstoruinadate : how to take over twitter <sec> # fivewordstoruinadate is a top-trending hashtag in the u.s. and uk .  folks share their creativity and biase .
 rosie o'donnell leaving 'the view ' <sec> she 's leaving to focus on her family after a split with her wife .  `` rosie has teens and an infant at home that need her attention , '' publicist say .
 u.s. open women 's singles final postponed until sunday <sec> heavy rain and storms forecast for saturday force tournament organizers to delay final .  match rescheduled for a 4.30 p.m . .  et start on sunday .  storms and tornado warning also delays start of men 's semifinals at flushing meadow .
 dean of boston school accused of shooting student <sec> shaun harrison is accused of shooting one of his students in the head .  the student,17 , was hired to sell marijuana for harrison , district attorney says .  the teen is expected to survive ; the dean , who is out on bail , has been ordered to stay away from hi .
 lieberman wo n't rule out run as republican in 2012 <sec> independent senator 's stance on health care has angered some democrats .  `` all options are open , '' former democrat says of re-election race .  lieberman still sits with democratic caucus in senat .
 u.s. senators : al qaeda calls for 'electronic jihad ' <sec> `` internet piracy is an important field of jihad , '' an al qaeda video states .  lieberman : congress must act now to protect against a possible attack on electric grid .  collins : a cyberattack on critical infrastructure might cause more harm than a physical attack .  she calls on the senate to act on bipartisan cybersecurity ac .
 man pleads guilty to holding girl relative as sex slave for 14 years <sec> police did n't publicize crime until a local newspaper reported plea deal this week .  man held `` developmentally-disabled '' relative captive since she was 13 .  raul ochoa of richmond , california , would spend 22 years in prison under plea deal .  the woman , who lived in a backyard shed , escaped in 2012 with help of a relativ .
 hong kong 's iphone flipping industry <sec> iphones sell for significant markups in hong kong .  much of the trade takes place right outside the city 's apple stores .  `` gray market '' after-sale market is legal but allows resellers to tack on 20 % to 30 % to retail pric .
 meryl streep had doubts about 'doubt ' <sec> `` doubt '' stars meryl streep , philip seymour hoffman , amy adams , viola davis .  film is based on a tony award- and pulitzer prize-winning play by the same name .  it examines what happens when a nun suspects a priest of abusing a student .  streep advises co-star to pick out a dress for the academy award .
 police : killer las vegas couple shouted about revolution , posted rants online <sec> neighbor : leaving home before shooting , jerad miller said , `` the revolution 's begun '' .  his facebook page appears to be full of anti-government postings .  police say he and wife amanda miller killed two police officers and a third man in las vegas .  jerad and amanda declared a `` revolution '' was happening , authorities sa .
 foreign aid makes fiscal sense <sec> gop presidential hopefuls are targeting foreign aid , says samuel a. worthington .  foreign assistance comprises less than 1 % of the federal budget , he says .  countries we aid now may be tomorrow 's consumers of american exports , he says .  worthington : americans have always shown generosity , even in tough economic time .
 the american secretary who became king : a woman 's journey to royalty <sec> for more than 30 years , peggielene bartels has worked as a secretary in the u.s . .  but then one day a phone call took her back to her ghanaian roots .  she was chosen to be the king of otuam , a fishing village in ghana .  her life journey has been documented in a book ; a hollywood film is expected next year .
 inside augusta : masters rookie discovers a golfing theme park <sec> `` augusta is orlando for golf freaks , '' says masters first-timer .  no timeshare presentations , but it could be any theme park in florida .  the top-class players on show have more tricks than killer whales at sea world .  seeing three of golf 's greatest legends tops off a perfect pilgrimag .
 shelling kills at least 15 in somalia <sec> sixty others wounded after heavy fighting in somalia 's capital , journalists say .  fighting comes after miliants tied to al qaeda attacked areas held by somali troops , peacekeepers .  somali officials downplay offensive , calling it `` small and careless .
 justices rule for congress in recess appointments fight <sec> unanimous ruling could invalidate hundreds of national labor relations board decisions .  constitution allows temporary appointments during a recess , without congressional approval .  lawmakers have sought to stop appointments by technically never shutting down the senat .
 challenges of being a woman in india <sec> the brutal gang rape of a 23-year-old has brought to light the suffering of many indian women .  india is ranked as the world 's fourth most dangerous country for a woman by a recent poll .  about half a million female fetuses are aborted every year because of the preference for boys .  nearly half of india 's girls are married off before the age of 18 ; domestic violence is commo .
 prank call pitted 'the great ' against the powerless <sec> sydney radio station at heart of tragedy has track record for `` shock tactics '' .  in 2009 the station questioned a 14-year-old girl in the studio about her sex life .  ross stevenson , a australian radio presenter says rules govern prank calls .  stevenson : `` in this whole sad and tragic affair jacintha saldanha was truly powerless .
 netflix and hulu should n't worry about amazon 's new service -- yet <sec> on tuesday , amazon launched instant video , a streaming movie and tv service .  amazon is now a competitor to hulu and netflix , but the competition is indirect .  netflix offers a much larger library that quadruples amazon 's offerin .
 cnn student news - january 26 , 2015 <sec> this page includes the show transcript .  use the transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary .  at the bottom of the page , comment for a chance to be mentioned on cnn student news . .  you must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the cnn student news roll call .
 tribal beauty : photographer gives snapshot of vanishing way of life <sec> jimmy nelson photographed 35 tribes all over the world for book `` 'before they pass away '' .  nelson photographed tribes in ethiopia , kenya , tanzania and namibia .  he wanted to create a record of `` a fast disappearing world .
 cricket , ivy league classmates startled student sonia sotomayor <sec> sonia sotomayor arrived at princeton in 1972 in fourth co-ed class .  she read children 's classics to enhance her english writing skills .  she launched a puerto rico action group and campaigned for latinos .  by the time she went to yale , she was confident and outgoing , classmate recall .
 31 dead , 7,000 arrested in bangladesh political unrest <sec> 31 are dead and thousands under arrest after weeks of political unrest in bangladesh .  the opposition has called for a mass blockade of transport across the country .  it is angry that the government prevented 2014 elections being overseen by a neutral caretake .
 apparently this matters : airplane seat belts <sec> ceo of ryanair suggests adding a cheap `` standing room '' section on planes .  o'leary : `` if there ever was a crash on an aircraft , god forbid , a seat belt wo n't save you '' .  we presume standing passengers would wedge in the back with livestoc .
 romney , it seems , making sense on immigrants ( opinion ) <sec> ruben navarrette : in the 2012 election , mitt romney was a backward voice on immigration .  he criticized rick perry , newt gingrich for ideas that helped immigrants , navarrette says .  navarrette : this year , romney is wisely calling on gop to pass immigration reform .  he says it 's the one smart way republicans can respond to obama 's executive actio .
 exploding targets : shooting aid or a 'bomb kit for dummies ? ' <sec> videos proliferate of `` exploding targets '' .  many youtube videos show the product being misused .  u.s. forest service blames targets for 16 wildfires .  maryland regulates the targets ; predicts other states will follo .
 why punk icon vivienne westwood shaved her head <sec> british fashion designer , vivienne westwood , scales back business for environment .  72-year-old 'grandmother of punk fashion ' says people should curb consumption .  shaves head in a bid to raise climate change awareness , and embrace old ag .
 nypd officers say they had stop-and-frisk quotas <sec> police testify they were ordered to intercept 5 people a month .  supervisors can be heard giving orders during recorded roll calls .  plaintiffs in lawsuit say blacks , hispanics unconstitutionally singled out .  city maintains method is being used to deter crim .
 five health care workers complete ebola monitoring <sec> 17 americans were exposed to the ebola virus while in sierra leone in march .  another person was diagnosed with the disease and taken to hospital in maryland .  national institutes of health says the patient is in fair condition after weeks of treatmen .
 how to stop vehicle with stuck gas pedal <sec> technician : if accelerator pedal is stuck , shift to neutral and cut ignition .  in toyota vehicles , if you have a button for ignition , hold button for 3 seconds .  toyota has recalled 2.3 million vehicles in u.s. for sticking accelerator pedals .  toyota : dealers should be able to start repairs as early as this weeken .
 duolingo 'incubator ' aims to crowdsource language teaching <sec> language app duolingo creating system for users to teach languages .  the `` incubator '' lets people fluent in two languages to team up on a course .  a goal is to highlight obscure languages not taught as often as major ones .  the tool is free to use , and contributors will not be pai .
 students cover racist graffiti on school rock <sec> vandal or vandals painted racial slur on rock in front of south carolina high school .  art students paint a message of equality over remnants of message .  it 's the same community that recently honored those cleared in injustic .
 elephant kills trainer at pennsylvania circus <sec> startled elephant stomps trainer at circus , killing him , authorities say .  incident classified as workplace accident ; osha to conduct investigation .  circus members observed moment of silence for worker before continuing sho .
 scotland , you want out ? we 'll take your place ( opinion ) <sec> scottish is voting on a referendum for independence from england on september 18 .  david wheeler : if scotland secedes , can america take its place ? .  he offers four main ways why americans would benefit from unification with the uk .  wheeler : brits have better health , manners , less inequality and superior cultur .
 the 51 fastest fat burners <sec> people who run for at least four hours a week melt more calories than non-runners .  downing five 5-ounce cups of green tea a day boosts metabolism .  vitamin c can help you burn more fat , and d may help you lose fat .  your body may not burn fat as efficiently if you down a huge meal right before bedtim .
 injury heartache for venus williams <sec> venus williams withdraws injured from miami masters .  caroline wozniacki suffers shock defeat by wild card .  andy murray breezes into third round after tomic win .  sam querrey wins debut game as u.s. no . .
 weight losers combat fear of exercise , schoolyard torment <sec> readers overcame childhood obesity , dislike of exercise through fun fitness .  charles d'angelo went from hiding out during recess to six-packed man .  staci lambert-westcott grew more comfortable with exercise , owned a gym .  ireport.com : how do you make fitness fun for yourself .
 obama encourages girl in fight against bullying <sec> 11-year-old zianey stokes writes president about bullies at school .  mother `` taught me violence never solves the problem , '' she says .  president wrote back that `` bullying ... is never ok '' .  philadelphia girl was inspired to start anti-bullying club at schoo .
 mandela movie 'long walk to freedom ' gets south africa premiere <sec> `` mandela : long walk to freedom '' has premiered in south africa .  the film is based on nelson mandela 's autobiography .  it stars idris elba as mandela , while naomie harries plays his second wife , winni .
