 rescuers spot lost family 's twig 'help ' sign <sec> new : joshua , 12 , `` happy to be home . .  ... .  i did n't think we were going to make it '' .  family sought shelter from snow in culvert , warmed each other 's frostbitten feet .  frederick dominguez and his 3 children set out sunday to cut christmas tree .  more than 80 people searched for them tuesday in heavy sno .
 the renovator with a passion for the past <sec> savannah , georgia 's italianate and victorian homes became tammy jo long 's obsession .  long researched floor plans and fixture resources to get a historically accurate renovation .  long 's renovations are available to rent for a vacation in savanna .
 mexican police : head of shelter charged with prostituting women residents <sec> `` the shelter ... had pretty much become a brothel , '' says a juarez police spokesman .  one of the women living at the shelter stopped police in the street and asked for help .  a 50-year-old woman heading the shelter is in police custod .
 obama and modi : best broments - cnnpolitics.com <sec> indian pm narendra modi greeted president obama on the tarmac sunday with a warm hug .  the `` bear hug '' was just one memorable broment from the first day of obama 's visi .
 commentary : democrats ' plans are a prescription for pain <sec> rep. boustany : many americans could lose current health plans .  he says they could wind up in government system without current doctors .  boustany : plans could burden next generation with enormous cos .
 nevada , idaho want to put hold on gay-marriage - cnnpolitics.com <sec> a federal appeals court tuesday struck down two states ' ban on same-sex marriage .  idaho and nevada officials then asked the supreme court to intervene .  idaho granted request temporarily ; nevada 's pendin .
 hanson leads masters after third round 65 <sec> peter hanson leads the masters with one round to play after shooting 65 on sunday .  swede is nine-under par , one shot ahead of phil mickelson who shot 66 on saturday .  tiger woods 12 shots off the lead after another even-par round of 72 .  rory mcilroy 's challenge fades after a disastrous front nin .
 hopkins to pay $ 190 million after doctor taped patients <sec> new : as many as 8,000 women and girls were included in the case .  dr. nikita levy was fired in 2013 after 25 years at johns hopkins .  police found computers full of naked patient pictures , videos .  levy committed suicide soon after his confessio .
 things that it 's ok to lie about <sec> you can lie about your height and weight on your driver 's license .  tell people you made the lasagna yourself .  feel free to lie about your natural hair color -- or your eye color .  of course you do n't know all the lyrics to `` i 'll make love to you '' by boyz ii me .
 apple tests motion detection iphone features in ios 7 <sec> a new feature being tested in ios 7 lets you control the iphone interface with head movements .  the feature , reported by 9to5 mac , is an accessibility option that can help the disabled .  there is no guarantee the option will be in the final version of ios 7 when it comes out in the fal .
 inter seven clear as ibrahimovic strikes <sec> inter milan defeat fiorentina 2-0 to re-open seven point lead in serie a table .  swedish striker zlatan ibrahimovic scores twice for the leaders at the san siro .  filippo inzaghi reaches 300 career goals to help ac milan hammer siena 5- .
 western powers push mubarak to fulfill vows , call for 'free ' elections <sec> new : in an interview to air sunday , u.k. leader calls mubarak a 'friend of britain ' .  new : cameron says of egypt : `` we support ... reform , not revolution '' .  the heads of germany , france , u.k. call for reforms and respect for rights .  a u.s. state department official says mubarak must not just `` reshuffle the deck .
 rory mcilroy , without a title in 2013 , leads shanghai 's hsbc champions <sec> rory mcilroy leads shanghai 's hsbc champions after the first round .  the northern irishman struck eight birdies and one bogey in his opening round .  mcilroy , without a title in 2013 , is chasing a spot at dubai 's world tour championship .  british open champion phil mickelson is six shots behind mcilroy after a one-under 7 .
 richie incognito : vulgar text to martin came from 'a place of love ' <sec> `` that 's how our friendship was , '' richie incognito says about vulgar messages .  jonathan martin sent text saying he would `` murder your whole f-ing family , '' incognito says .  incognito gives first interview to fox sports , shows text messages to reporter .  miami dolphins suspended incognito after martin quit the nfl tea .
 musharraf : obama is arrogant <sec> a navy seal team kills osama bin laden during a raid in pakistan on may 2 .  musharraf says the raid violated pakistan 's sovereignty and was an `` act of war '' .  the former prime minister calls bin laden 's death `` absolutely illegal '' .  pakistani intelligence commits a `` terrible failure '' in not knowing where bin laden wa .
 everyday heroes last line of defense in terror fight <sec> passengers , crew helped subdue suspect on botched christmas day terror attack .  in such situations , citizens are the last and the thinnest line of defense , terrorism expert says .  `` everyday heroism '' combats mentality of leaving safety to pros , psychologist says .  education can better equip the public as the nation fights terrorism , retired fbi agent say .
 all-american makers take on cheap overseas labor <sec> manufacturers american giant produce all of their clothing in the united states .  founder bayard winthrop believes that having an american-based manufacturing force is key to product quality .  american giant shuns traditional marketing campaigns for an online stor .
 'miracle fruit ' turns sour things sweet <sec> miracle fruit launches `` taste tripping '' parties where foodies eat lemon , hot sauce .  researchers at university of florida are exploring chemistry behind fruit .  miami hospital studies whether cancer patients can restore taste with berrie .
 'meatless monday ' too hot a potato for usda <sec> usda 's newsletter suggesting employees forgo meat once a week causes uproar .  ben grossman-cohen : meat industry , politicians slam usda , so it backs off .  it takes huge amounts of land , water , fertilizer , oil to produce meat , he writes .  he says eating less meat reduces use of resources and ensures everyone gets fe .
 egypt 's last mubarak-era prime minister faces trial on corruption charges <sec> an investigative judge has referred ahmed shafik to trial on charges of corruption .  he narrowly lost to mohammed morsy in the presidential election .  shafik is also charged in a separate corruption case over real estate dealing .
 official : evidence does n't support foul play in miss . <sec> law enforcement officials say evidence collected so far does n't suggest foul play .  forensics expert talks about how evidence differs in suicides and lynchings .  fbi agent says a report on the cause of death is expected next wee .
 the parents who canceled christmas <sec> months of disrespectful behavior led john and lisa henderson to a drastic decision .  their children are using gift money to help others and get perspective .  the hendersons hope their children will get many intangible gifts this yea .
 newly discovered document sheds light on lincoln 's last hours <sec> newly discovered document adds historical detail to what is known about lincoln 's death .  report believed to have been written the day after assassination .  report has more exact times and pulse rate measurements , says exper .
 student council vetoes american flag ban <sec> legislative council of university of california-irvine 's student body passed measure tuesday .  the measure , `` flags and decoration adjustment for inclusivity , '' banned all flags in lobby .  its inclusion of the american flag led to widespread oppositio .
 survival 'expectation low ' for stranded pilot whales in everglades <sec> ten of the whales have died , with four euthanized because of their poor condition .  a fishing guide sounded the alarm tuesday after spotting the whales in distress .  such strandings are common , one whale expert says .  `` it 's a largely , but not entirely , hopeless undertaking , '' says phillip clapha .
 ursula sladek : the housewife who powered a green revolution <sec> ursula sladek created germany 's first co-op-owned renewable power company .  motivated to protect her family after chernobyl disaster , sladek took control of local power grid .  her company charges less for electricity as it does not aim to make a profit .  sladek was recently awared prestigious goldman environmental priz .
 protest called in morocco after king 's speech <sec> some protesters will gather sunday ; others oppose idea .  moroccans will vote for the constitution in a referendum slated for july 1 .  king mohammed 's role would be that of `` citizen king '' .  mohammed says the constitution will guarantee independence of the judiciar .
 pakistan rejects nuke weapon fears <sec> pakistan rejects fears its nuclear weapons could fall into the hands of extremists .  mohamed elbaradei , u.n. nuclear watchdog chief , voiced his worries tuesday .  elbaradei : i fear chaos in this state , which has 30 or 40 nuclear weapons .  pakistan : our nuclear weapons as secure as those held by other nuclear state .
 casualties mount at alarming rate in iraq <sec> across iraq , at least 4,137 civilians have been killed since january .  u.n. : `` we have n't seen such numbers in more than five years '' .  in june and july , 496 people died in baghdad violence , the u.n. mission in iraq say .
 chances over the years , but action on va not enough - cnnpolitics.com <sec> problems plaguing the va health system have been ongoing for years .  government reports informed congress about the depth of problems .  congressional efforts to address issues were mostly inadequate .  house and senate passed new va legislation that requires final negotiatio .
 tsunami warnings and advisories remain across pacific region <sec> new : chile upgraded a tsunami warning to an alert for residents of easter island , cnn chile reports .  new : some 200 vessels are impacted at oahu 's keehi lagoon .  new : warnings are downgraded to advisories for hawaii , the coastal areas of california and oregon .  advisories are in effect at the california-mexico border and washington to alask .
 milan stunned by fiorentina as juventus go top <sec> serie a leaders ac milan shocked in san siro as fiorentina win 2-1 .  juventus beat palermo 2-0 to go top of the table .  fourth-placed udinese beat parma 3-1 : inter milan draw 2-3 against cagliar .
 science of songs -- the playlists <sec> spotify study : 40 % say music is more arousing than touch .  digital music service created playlists to accompany repor .
 activist roeder convicted of abortion provider 's murder <sec> scott roeder convicted of first-degree murder .  jury reaches verdict after about 40 minutes of deliberation .  roeder testified he does not regret killing dr. george tiller .  tiller ran a women 's clinic where he performed abortions in wichita , kansa .
 casey anthony must serve probation , appeals court rules <sec> appeals court : casey anthony ca n't `` take advantage '' of an administrative error .  the ruling comes a day after a motion from florida 's attorney general .  anthony 's lawyers argued she should n't serve probation on check fraud charges .  a document states she 'd serve that probation in prison , despite what a judge sai .
 fbi , apple probe jennifer lawrence nude photo scandal <sec> new : some celebs `` have engaged with the fbi '' about the hacking , a u.s. official says .  apple says company is `` actively investigating this report '' .  online posts show nude photographs of actress jennifer lawrence .  other celebrities also report they were hacked , some say photos were doctore .
 at last , suicides among military family members could be tracked <sec> defense suicide prevention office sends a report to congress .  it details a proposal for tracking suicides among military family members .  dod could buy data from the cdc , combine it with information already kept , according to report .  military father who attempted suicide : tracking `` would validate that families are traumatized .
 facebook founder mark zuckerberg updates relationship status to 'married ' <sec> the couple pose for a simple wedding photograph .  the union come on the heels of facebook 's historic ip .
 italy match-fixing scandal : juventus to appeal coach conte 's 10-month ban <sec> juventus coach antonio conte banned from football for 10 months . .  conte 's assistant angelo alessio also banned by italian federation .  serie a champions juventus to launch an appeal .  six other italian players acquitted of charges made against the .
 drag racer dies in crash in washington <sec> niver , 60 , crashes into net at end of track when parachute comes off .  death is second of the year in national hot rod association series .  niver raced for more than 20 years .  he won his first race two years ag .
 u.s. brings first case against alleged somali pirate leader <sec> four americans died during the hijacking of a yacht in february .  the purported leader of alleged pirates was arrested in somalia on april 4 .  a prosecutor says the indictment marks the first u.s. prosecution of a pirate leade .
 uk fights worst floods in 60 years <sec> flood waters in parts of england at 60-year highs .  uk prime minister gordon brown pledges more funds to tackle floods .  tens of thousands of people without water and electricity .  environment agency issues nine severe flood warning .
 al qaeda says it abducted employees of french firm in niger <sec> al qaeda 's north african wing claims responsibility , al-jazeera reports .  the group says it will make its demands to the french government soon .  five of the people abducted are french nationals , foreign ministry say .
 nadal and federer reach qatar quarters <sec> rafael nadal and roger federer through to the quarterfinals of qatar open .  top-seeded spaniard nadal defeats denis gremelmayr of germany 6-2 6-2 .  second seed federer eases past slovenian grega zemlja 6-2 6-3 in doha .  there are also wins for jo-wilfried tsonga and viktor troicki on wednesda .
 british sought redactions in cia interrogations report <sec> uk previewed parts of senate report 's executive summary , cameron representative says .  uk raised concern about a `` small number of issues '' .  official : redactions did n't relate `` to allegations of uk involvement in detainee mistreatment .
 explosions rock libyan town of zintan ; eu foreign policy chief arrives <sec> new : eu 's catherine ashton says gadhafi must leave and pledges support for libyans .  new : `` we must have a future for libya , '' she says .  the western libyan town of zintan is rocked by explosions .  a former congresswoman rips u.s. policy on libyan state t .
 which countries take in most refugees ? not the west <sec> world 's wealthiest nations are not most welcoming to refugees , aslyum seekers .  80 % of the world 's refugees are in developing countries , with pakistan leading .  political controversies persist in australia over what to do with asylum seeker .
 qatar 2022 : fifa rules out compensation for clubs <sec> fifa states that european clubs will not receive any compensation following the proposal to play the 2022 world cup in november-december . .  secretary general jerome valcke says financial compensation is not necessary given that clubs have seven years 'to reorganize ' .  frenchman says qatar will not host the confederations cup , often labeled the world cup warm-up , in 2021 .  2023 africa cup of nations will be played in june , adds valck .
 indian prime minister calls for calm after violence erupts during anti-rape rallies <sec> india 's prime minister says the public anger is `` genuine and justified '' .  authorities are working to `` ensure security and safety '' for women , he says .  for a second day , protesters are blasted with water cannons in new delhi .  police say a woman was gang-raped and badly beaten on a bu .
 quest : why i 'll be singing 'god save the queen ' <sec> the idea of showing public emotion is a very un-british thing to do , says richard quest .  but this is no usual time as nation rallies behind queen as she celebrates her diamond jubilee . .  british people may not go gaga very often but when we do , we do it full throttle , he says .  quest : you may just hear me joining in as the crowd sing `` god save the queen .
 u.s. sees warmest march in recorded history , noaa reports <sec> january-february-march also was warmest first quarter on record , noaa reports .  noaa : more than 7,700 record highs were recorded during the month .  march also saw more than 7,500 all-time high overnight lows , weather agency reports .  preliminary tornado reports for the month were almost four times the averag .
 champions league : real madrid edges past liverpool <sec> real madrid qualifies for last-16 of champions league .  karim benzema scores only goal against liverpool .  andrea pirlo scores on 100th champions league appearance .  borussia dortmund qualify for knockout phas .
 world 's best airport bike paths <sec> manchester airport has an orbital cycle path with a pair of tunnels passing beneath runways .  bikers experience planes flying overhead on the southwest side of the lanzarote airport in the canary islands .  bangkok has a 15-mile bike path that loops around suvarnabhumi airpor .
 suvs plunge toward 'endangered ' list <sec> car dealer says suvs are tough sells now : `` i 've never seen it this bad -- ever '' .  aaa says average gas price hit another all-time high friday .  truck owner says he ca n't get the price he wants for his vehicl .
 'birdman ' leads nominees at golden globes <sec> `` birdman '' picks up seven golden globe nominations .  `` boyhood , '' `` imitation game '' earn five .  jennifer aniston receives a nod .  the globes will be hosted by tina fey , amy poehle .
 usher goes from megastar to mentor at camp <sec> usher 's camp new look helps kids from underserved communities .  campers learn business behind entertainment and sports industries .  singer serves as mentor to more than 100 participants .  usher , who was mentored , said camp represents his `` heart work .
 southern mississippi prank goes awry , flamingo dies <sec> new : second flamingo is now dead from injuries defending its mate from the prank , zoo says .  southern mississippi fraternity members go to zoo to take picture beside a swan .  but one member climbs 10-foot fence and steals a chilean pink flamingo , police say .  after flamingo dies , student faces felony charge , fraternity is suspende .
 stadium deaths : what 's behind the fatal falls ? <sec> `` i think we 're just more aware of it , '' says david weeks , author of `` death at the ballpark '' .  players ' deaths stop games ; fans ' deaths do n't , co-author robert gorman says .  is there an uptick in such incidents ? .  or are we just paying more attention ? .  every few months this year have brought reports of a fan fallin .
 new hope for chicago community 'plagued by violence ' <sec> diane latiker was named one of the top 10 cnn heroes of 2011 .  latiker is reaching out to young people in her troubled chicago neighborhood .  her nonprofit , `` kids off the block , '' has helped more than 1,500 youth .
 former jockey richard dunwoody 's new life through a lens <sec> ex-jockey richard dunwoody swaps saddle for photographic snapshots around the world .  a passion for pictures and travel led him to retrain and learn the art form in paris .  there 's an equine theme to his pictures after a partnership with animal charity the brooke .  dunwoody was one of the top jockeys in an illustrious career cut short by injur .
 discovery calls off coverage of everest wingsuit jump by joby ogwyn <sec> discovery channel says decision was made to respect the families .  joby ogwyn had communicated through facebook he wanted to continue , but that post is gone .  ogwyn said his sherpas that were killed were 'far better men than me ' .  jump was supposed to take place may 1 .
 opinion : a u.s. strike would be self-wounding <sec> kapil komireddi : if u.s. engages in syria over chemical weapons , it could be in for the long haul .  he says rebels -- now including jihadists -- have long tried to draw outside forces to cause .  he says opposition will know that use of chemical weapons works to its advantage .  komireddi : u.s. could end up fighting syria 's jihadists and the assad regim .
 arsenal stay on course to end trophy drought with revenge victory <sec> arsenal beat liverpool in english fa cup fifth round tie .  goals from alex oxlade-chamberlain and lukas podolski .  revenge for 5-1 epl defeat at anfield last weekend .  juventus maintain winning run in serie .
 new sites cater to canine couch surfers <sec> dogvacay.com and rover.com list home stay opportunities for dogs .  hosts post profiles of themselves , their living situation and their own pets .  costs start at about $ 15 a night and extras like bathing are available in some case .
