 california suspends derby-winning trainer over 2010 race <sec> new : california action wo n't affect upcoming belmont stakes , new york official says .  doug o'neill trained kentucky derby and preakness winner i 'll have another .  california 's state racing board suspended him for 45 days effective july 1 at earliest .  o'neill was cleared of `` milkshaking '' but hit for high carbon dioxide levels in his horse 's bloo .
 wikipedia celebrates 10 years , but will it survive another decade ? <sec> jimmy wales and larry sanger created wikipedia in january 2001 .  site is a very open , very publicly editable series of web pages .  not authoratative source but good for introductions to subject .
 sinuous 'marilyn monroe ' towers shape city 's future <sec> chinese architect ma yansong 's favorite design is the absolute towers in mississauga , ontario .  locals have nicknamed the twisting residential towers `` marilyn monroe '' on account of their sinuous curves .  the building he wishes he 'd designed is louis kahn 's salk institute in la jolla , california .  ma aims to combine high-rise and high-density environments with nature , he say .
 canadian prisoners arrested after escaping by helicopter <sec> new : police say there was shootout with the suspects , but no one was injured .  it was a real `` james bond moment , '' a witness says .  by early monday , both inmates had been captured .  `` it 's a first in quebec , '' a correction officer say .
 no drones : faa only wants pigskin in air at super bowl <sec> faa releases video reminding everyone that the super bowl is a `` no drone zone '' .  on super bowl sunday , the faa will establish a virtual no-fly zone around the stadiu .
 human rights watch : russia fails to protect lgbt people <sec> a human rights watch report says russia has failed to prevent homophobic violence .  it blames a growing number of attacks on a 2013 anti-gay propaganda law .  authorities are failing to use hate crime legislation to prosecute offenders , the report says .  russia 's president has said no one should face discrimination , calls `` traditional families '' priorit .
 boy who witnessed jfk assassination speaks <sec> jeff franzen was just 6 years old when he saw john f. kennedy shot .  he thought the popping sounds were firecrackers .  franzen speaks two days before the 50th anniversary of kennedy 's assassinatio .
 branson : deep-sea adventure will reveal 'extraordinary creatures ' <sec> virgin oceanic sub will be capable of traveling twice as deep as anything before .  branson will be diving alone to the puerto rican trench , which is 28,000 feet deep .  five record-breaking dives are planned in mission to accumulate data on undiscovered marine lif .
 survivor captures plane crash on camera <sec> ferdinand puentes survived a plane crash off hawaii in december .  puentes recorded the ordeal with his gopro camera .  the photos capture the crash and sinking of the plan .
 iran 's nuclear program challenged by setbacks , new reports say <sec> new reports cite the effects of international sanctions on iran 's nuclear efforts .  a cyberattack also had a crippling effect on an enrichment site .  but iran has more than enough enriched uranium for its research reactor .  reports : iran appears on a trajectory `` to producing weapons-grade uranium .
 opinion : big ideas for an era of small-ball politics <sec> anne-marie slaughter : u.s. politics paralyzed , polarized and in `` small-ball '' mode .  she says that should n't prevent us from pushing ahead with big new ideas .  economy needs to give americans a `` second chance '' to thrive , she says .  slaughter : education , manufacturing , campaign finance all need rethinkin .
 mark zuckerberg 's bizarre new self-improvement goal <sec> mark zuckerberg has vowed to speak to one non-facebook employee a day during 2013 .  the facebook ceo sets annual challenges for himself .  previously he has worn a tie every day , killed all the animals he ate and learned mandarin .  zuckerberg spoke wednesday at the techcrunch disrupt conferenc .
 mother , long-lost son finally meet more than 30 years later <sec> mother tell her long-lost son : `` i love you and ... and i 'm not going to let you go . '' .  her son , now 37 , tells her in spanish : `` i love you and i missed you a lot . '' .  david amaya barrick was taken from chicago to mexico as a boy by his father .  he is discovered to be a u.s. citizen while illegally crossing the u.s.-mexico borde .
 man utd fans are stabbed in rome <sec> seven manchester united supporters taken to hospital before game in rome .  british embassy officials in rome said five of the fans received stab wounds .  embassy spokeswoman said that the injuries were not thought to be seriou .
 indiana groom dies in road accident hours after wedding <sec> new : `` i went from a being a newlywed to a widow in less than 48 hours , '' wife says .  william riley knight stopped to help a woman whose vehicle had slid into a ditch .  he and linda darlington were struck multiple times as they stood by the side of the roa .
 rooms with no view : underground stays <sec> cave hotels , whether deluxe or rustic , make for a unique lodging experience .  in italy , limestone rock houses several underground hotels .  in the australian outback , underground dwellings provide relief from the hea .
 u.n. report : al-shabaab is raising millions illegally in somalia <sec> al-shabaab reportedly generates between $ 70 million and $ 100 million per year .  funds are being used to pay for fighters , weapons and ammunition .  the u.s. believes the group may be plotting attacks in the region and abroa .
 boarding a moving train : the way to speed up rail travel ? <sec> `` moving platforms '' is an integrated tram-to-train concept .  passengers would cross between tram and train without either vehicle stopping .  it 's the work of british designer paul priestma .
 rate probe turns to four major banks <sec> regulators are focusing on at least four of europe 's biggest banks in the rate-fixing scandal .  crédit agricole , hsbc , deutsche bank and société générale are the subject of the probe .  the news comes in the wake of the clear-out of senior management at barclay .
 why we love those rotting , hungry , putrid zombies <sec> it 's cool to be ghoul again -- `` zombieland '' is coming to get you on friday .  zombies personify many phobias , experts say , including fear of death itself .  walking corpses are persistent -- both onscreen and in pop culture .  the undead have many fans ; some ca n't wait to take them o .
 why was gu kailai spared ? <sec> gu kailai 's suspended death sentence did n't surprise china observers .  netizens skeptical of verdict , with some questions why gu was spared .  china executes highest number of people , amnesty report .
 nfl picks minnesota for 2018 super bowl <sec> minnesota beat out new orleans and indianapolis for the honor .  the game will be played in a stadium now under construction .  the last super bowl played in minneapolis was in 1992 .  the 2015 game will be played in arizon .
 new york times endorses quinn , lhota in mayor 's race <sec> new york times issues mayoral endorsements .  primaries are sept. 10 .  general election winner will replace bloomber .
 futuristic farm shop grows food in synthetic veg patch <sec> london urban farming project claims to be world 's first ever farm in a shop .  all produce , including fish , eggs , vegetables , herbs and salad , grown under one roof .  food analysts say urban farming key cog in sustainable agriculture practice .
 cnn student news transcript : may 10 , 2010 <sec> check out how the u.s. government trains to fight oil spills .  find out why an election turned into a scramble in britain .  hear about a controversy involving a zero tolerance policy .  use the daily discussion to help students understand today 's featured news storie .
 is west hollywood losing its mojo ? <sec> in '80s and '90s west hollywood was a magnet for young gay men and lesbians .  gentrification has become a major issue in tuesday 's city elections .  mayor : gay community in the city has prospered , aged and settled dow .
 families grieve for mexican miners left underground <sec> 5 years ago , explosion buried 65 coal miners .  owner of mine , grupo mexico , refuses to bring bodies out .  attorney for families compares situation to chile ' .
 white tiger kills zookeeper as tourists watch <sec> white tiger mauls a zookeeper to death at a new zealand wildlife park .  attack happened in front of group of tourists .  another keeper and zoo staff tried to pull the tiger off the man but faile .
 u.s. policymakers mull creation of domestic intelligence agency <sec> nonprofit think tank rand outlines pros and cons at request of congress .  group says government could create new agency specifically for domestic intel .  other option includes agency operating under homeland security or fbi .  september 11 attacks renewed calls for domestic intel to help prevent future one .
 john king : pelosi goes mute , but not her critics <sec> republican leader michael steele : `` nancy pelosi has stepped in it big time '' .  supreme court nominee sure to spur interest on both sides of aisle this week .  minority leader john boehner says republicans influencing obama on guantanamo .  obama notes boehner 's deep tan and boehner comes back with a line of his ow .
 uk media attack obama for comments about bp <sec> uk media and politicians have criticized attitude of u.s. politicians toward bp .  several point out that u.s. companies have ppreviouslycaused environmental damage .  uk prime minister david cameron urged to be more robust in defense of bp .  analysts question the true value of the uk-u.s. `` special relationship .
 apple still casts a long shadow over ces <sec> absent from consumer electronics show , apple still is a major presence .  five hundred exhibitors are in the `` ilounge pavilion '' for apple accessory makers .  one reason ? .  apple customers have shown they 're willing to spend for extras .  apple has n't attended since 1992 ; microsoft dropped out last yea .
 rafael nadal , novak djokovic make quick turnaround and win in davis cup <sec> rafael nadal crushes sergiy stakhovsky in his return to davis cup duty for spain .  nadal did n't have much time to prepare for the series after winning the u.s. open monday .  serbia 's novak djokovic also made the quick turnaround and thumped vasek pospisil .  the czech republic leads argentina 2-0 in their davis cup semifinal in pragu .
 former louisiana governor released from prison <sec> the former governor was convicted of extortion in casino industry .  edwards had pursued a pardon from president bush .  a former nfl team owner testified about a bribe during edwards ' trial .  edwards said he 'd keep his office unless he was caught with a `` dead girl or a live boy .
 militia warns un to buy from somali farmers or cut aid <sec> islamic militants say world food programme causes problems by importing food from outside .  al-shabaab warns contractors who help distribute food to stop helping the u.n. agency .  somalia is in the middle of its worst crisis since the famine of the 1990s , according to the wf .
 japan court ok 's restart of kagoshima nuclear reactors <sec> a japanese court has rejected a petition by residents to delay the reactivation of reactors in the country 's southwest .  the reopening of two other nuclear reactors in fukui was recently blocked by a japanese court over safety fears .  japan 's 48 nuclear reactors have been offline in the wake of the 2011 fukushima disaste .
 iraqi police : abu risha , head of ramadi awakening council , killed <sec> mohammed khamis abu risha was head of the ramadi awakening council .  he was on patrol with iraqi security forces in ramadi when he was killed .  he is the nephew of sheikh ahmed abu risha , head of the anbar awakening counci .
 los angeles angels rookie pitcher killed in crash <sec> adenhart , 22 , pitched six scoreless innings in wednesday 's game .  three people killed in crash early thursday in fullerton , california .  one man arrested , will face charges in wreck , police sa .
 senators vow diligence in 'pursuit of justice ' for lockerbie victims <sec> new : clinton , brennan blast decision to release al megrahi .  two u.s. senators call for the british and scottish governments and bp to furnish information .  uk : celebrating bomber 's release would be `` offensive and deeply insensitive '' .  al megrahi was released a year ago on humanitarian ground .
 guinea-bissau votes for new president <sec> west african state holds elections five months after president assassinated .  runnoff candidates kumba yala , malam sanha are both former heads of state .  u.n. chief ban ki-moon urges bissau-guineans to vote peacefully .  guinea-bissau has suffered succession of coups since independence from portuga .
 'endangered ' atlanta historic district seeks rebirth <sec> auburn avenue in atlanta is a historic african-american business and cultural hub .  the area bustled with activity during segregation but has fallen on hard times since .  the national trust for historic preservation has designated the area 'endangered ' twice .  stakeholders want business and residential growth to preserve auburn 's histor .
 methodist minister suspended for officiating son 's same-sex wedding <sec> frank schaefer found guilty by jury of ordained clergy on two counts .  he was sentenced to a 30-day suspension .  church officials had asked him not to officiate future gay weddings ; he refused .  maximum penalty could have been a full defrockin .
 x-ray voted top modern discovery <sec> the x-ray machine was voted the most significant scientific invention , in a poll by the science museum in london .  out of almost 50,000 votes cast , one in five people selected it as the object they believed it had the greatest impact on the past , present and future .  x-rays were followed by the discoveries of penicillin and the dna double helix structure .  the public vote began on 10 june this year as part of the science museum 's events to mark its centenar .
 egyptian general admits 'virginity checks ' conducted on protesters <sec> 17 women were arrested at a march 9 protest in cairo , after mubarak 's ouster .  a senior egyptian general says some of them were subject to `` virginity checks '' .  he says it was done so that they would n't claim later they had been raped .  one woman allegedly targeted had said , `` they wanted to teach us a lesson .
 'glee 's ' naya rivera is married <sec> `` glee '' actress naya rivera is married .  she wed actor ryan dorsey in mexico on july 19 .  the news caught some fans off guar .
 sin hwa dee facts <sec> sin hwa dee founded by former soya salesman and soya production operator .  one of sin hwa dee 's factories dedicated exclusively to yu sheng products .  in 2005 , sin hwa dee moved into their own building , chng kee 's foodlin .
 macy 's thanksgiving day parade coming with a side of controversy <sec> the thanksgiving tradition enters its 87th year with new floats and balloons .  animal rights group peta to protest seaworld float at new jersey storage site .  vegetarian rocker joan jett removed from float for cattle-loving south dakota .  macy 's `` has never taken on ... or engaged in social commentary , '' statement say .
 google makes it easier for strangers to e-mail you <sec> new feature means all google+ users can e-mail each other .  people would n't need to know your e-mail address to send you e-mails .  google says feature makes it easier to reach friends .  some worry it strips privac .
 165 kidnapped migrants freed in mexico <sec> new : the migrants were held in squalid conditions , officials say .  a majority of the victims are central american migrants .  mexico 's interior ministry says they were held for weeks .  rights groups have said drug cartels target migrants in mexic .
 sheikh reportedly detained pending torture investigation <sec> state department official says member of abu dhabi royal family reportedly detained .  investigation continuing after videotape shows sheikh torturing grain merchant .  videotape emerged last month in federal civil lawsuit filed in the united states .  u.s. senior officials say case is holding up a u.s. nuclear deal with the ua .
 pakistani police investigated for inaction in woman 's stoning death <sec> chief justice says police will be investigated for inaction in fatal assault .  woman 's father , two cousins , an uncle and another man arrested .  prime minister nawaz sharif condemns the killing .  farzana parveen , 25 , was fatally beaten with brick .
 mo ' success : actress mo'nique takes stardom in stride <sec> mo'nique critically acclaimed for role as abusive mother in the film `` precious '' .  the stand-up comic also hosts a late-night talk show on bet .  she was 262 pounds , but has slimmed down through exercise and diet .  she says she is grateful for award nominations and oscar buzz , but keeps it in perspectiv .
 bush is still clinton 's bogeyman <sec> hillary clinton has used bush to defend her record , explain vision for the future .  democrats applaud her strategy but there are risks as bush 's popularity rises .  republican strategist says pointing fingers at bush wo n't help member of `` status quo .
 u.s. defense secretary announces new strategy with asia <sec> panetta : by 2020 , about 60 % of the u.s. navy 's warships will be in the pacific ocean .  the so-called u.s. 'tilt ' to asia includes beefing up the capabilities of regional allies .  south china sea is a point of friction among asian countries ; a crisis there could affect the u.s . .  panetta is on an eight-day trip to asia , geared toward explaining the u.s. strateg .
 chavez empowered the poor , divided a nation <sec> frida ghitis : hugo chavez played key role in focusing attention on the poor .  she says in the process of helping the poor , he undermined his nation 's democracy .  chavez hurt his cause with his cartoonish attacks on the u.s. , she says .  ghitis : human rights watch documented erosion of freedoms in venezuel .
 epl clubs set for windfall after $ 8 billion deal <sec> english premier league seals new domestic tv deal .  live rights packages sold for total of £5.136b ( $ 7.84b ) .  pay-tv broadcaster sky wins five of seven packages .  previous deal for three years worth £3.01b ( $ 4.59b .
 sports attorney : phelps could lose endorsements <sec> michael phelps could lose a lot of sponsor money , attorney says .  newspaper has published photo of olympic swimmer using a bong .  attorney ryan smith would advise phelps to get drug tes .
 l.a. coroner returns to office of jackson 's dermatologist <sec> `` we wanted some additional information , '' chief investigator ed winter said .  coroner had said it completed `` thorough '' report into michael jackson 's death .  winter would not say what prompted the second visit or its conclusions .  dr. arnold klein , jackson 's dermatologist , has denied giving him dangerous drug .
 evangelist billy graham leaves hospital <sec> billy graham is discharged from the hospital after being treated for bronchitis .  doctors say he is extremely fit for a 93-year-old .  graham thanks people who sent him letters during his two-day sta .
 liz taylor 's jewelry prices outstrip estimates <sec> the elizabeth taylor diamond fetches $ 8.8 million .  50-carat `` la peregrina '' pearl goes for $ 11.8 million .  its value had been estimated at $ 2 million to $ 3 millio .
 help girls have a better future in sierra leone <sec> watch cnn films ' `` girl rising '' june 16 at 9 p.m . .  et on cnn .  sara left her village to live with her aunt so she could attend school .  gender violence and early marriage are problems in sierra leon .
 'security incident ' at nevada nuclear site turns up 'non-threatening item ' <sec> `` suspicious '' item turns out to be non-threatening .  `` we acted out of an abundance of caution '' .  incident occurred in nevada site 's central are .
 senate approves kagan for high court <sec> elena kagan is confirmed as the 112th supreme court justice .  five senate republicans backed kagan ; one democrat opposed her .  republicans have called kagan a political activist with little judicial experience .  democrats have praised kagan 's intellect and said she may help balance the cour .
 ex-nsa official accused in leak case gets one year probation <sec> thomas drake is sentenced to one year probation and 240 hours of community service .  he pleaded guilty to exceeding his authorized use of an agency computer .  prosecutors had accused drake of leaking information to a reporte .
