 from doughnuts to liftoff , apollo 11 launch was blast <sec> apollo 11 took off for the moon 40 years ago today .  jack king , voice of mission control , says , `` it was quite a thrilling time '' .  `` everything on apollo 11 went just beautiful , '' says launch manager paul donnelly .  donnelly says man should now head for mar .
 five festivals for last bit of summer fun <sec> for music , try the `` philadelphia folk festival '' or the `` outside lands music festival '' .  watch planes zip through the sky at the `` chicago air and water show '' .  enjoy independent movies at the `` atlanta underground film festival '' .  if buffalo wings are your thing , head to the `` national buffalo wing festival .
 milan 's derby day fervor dented by 'turf wars ? ' <sec> part of san siro stadium shut for the derby between inter and ac milan on sunday .  curva nord to lie empty after league punish discriminatory chants from inter 's fans .  italian football battling with regional discrimination and cases of racist chanting .  juve president tells cnn it 's vital to distinguish between regional discrimination and racis .
 china bird flu cases now at 102 <sec> the cases include 20 deaths , and 102 infection cases .  seventy patients are hospitalized with the virus .  the new strain was n't known until three weeks ago .  international experts in china to monitor the h7n9 strai .
 'teen mom ' star charged with domestic violence felonies <sec> the charges stem from incidents seen in a september episode .  amber portwood allegedly attacked her boyfriend three times on tv .  the couple 's 1-year-old child saw the violence , police sa .
 oldest human dna found in spain <sec> homo heidelbergensis remains found in spain .  from a femur bone , scientists sequenced mitochondrial dna .  technique can be used elsewhere , too , scientists sa .
 nebraska hospital prepares for new ebola patient <sec> air ambulance crew to evaluate patient 's health before transport .  official : a new ebola patient will be transported to the united states from sierra leone .  the patient , a surgeon who 's a sierra leone national , will be treated in nebraska .  the surgeon is a legal permanent resident of the u.s. and married to a citize .
 liverpool agree enrique deal <sec> liverpool have agreed a deal with newcastle united for defender jose enrique .  the spanish full-back will now travel to liverpool for talks and to undergo a medical .  enrique would become liverpool 's fifth signing of this transfer windo .
 america , the saudi arabia of tomorrow <sec> frida ghitis : the u.s. will become the world 's leading oil producer in a few years .  ghitis : it is truly transformational that the u.s. is giving up its addiction to foreign oil .  despite energy independence , we need to keep looking into green energy , she says .  ghitis : it 's beneficial for the u.s. to not rely on unstable , undemocratic middle east for oi .
 senate panel passes ban on assault-style weapons <sec> new : president obama urges the house and senate to vote on gun measures .  the senate judiciary committee approves a new assault weapons ban on a party-line vote .  it now goes to the full senate for consideration .  it is expected to eventually be defeated because of nra oppositio .
 chinese tycoon sentenced to life in prison for smuggling , bribery <sec> lai changxing became one of china 's businessmen in the 1990s .  he fled to canada after the chinese authorities accused him of smuggling .  after more than a decade , he lost his fight to avoid extradition last year .  a chinese court sentences him to life imprisonmen .
 princeton weighing whether to offer meningitis vaccines <sec> seven cases of meningitis have been reported on the new jersey campus .  university officials to discuss offering vaccine .  feds ok use of vaccine not approved in the united state .
 storm strands motorists , air travelers and promises more <sec> new : the storm has moved into canada , but cold weather remains in eastern u.s . .  some motorists in northwest indiana remain stranded .  the storm is expected to impact eastern united states through the middle of the wee .
 commentary : path to sanity paved with humor , dominick finds <sec> cnn 's pete dominick once worked with jon stewart and stephen colbert .  dominick was n't talking to his pals ; he was out saturday observing folks attending rally .  dominick finds that a good sense of humor is what attendees had in common .  funny signs he spotted : `` god hates nags , '' `` hitler was a total nazi .
 the spirit of architecture <sec> november 's show comes from the world architecture festival in barcelona .  interviewees include norman foster , zaha hadid and wolf d prix .  the best building in the world will be chosen at the end of the sho .
 cape verde 's fifa world cup dream dashed <sec> cape verde will not play in the football world cup following a fifa sanction .  governing body ruled the african country played an ineligible player against tunisia .  cape verde won the match 2-0 , but result has been reclassified as 3-0 tunisia win .  sanction means tunisia replace cape verde in the african world cup playoff .
 pixies part ways with kim shattuck <sec> kim shattuck has already left the pixies .  the bassist shared the news on twitter and facebook .  shattuck joined the pixies in july after founding bassist kim deal qui .
 building roads in africa ? send in the troops <sec> military should be mobilized for infrastructure projects , argues harvard professor .  many african countries converting military facilities to support civilian activities , says calestous juma .  uganda 's army created university of military science and technology , where it trains engineers .  world bank estimates africa must invest $ 93 billion annually in infrastructure in next 10 year .
 new techniques slow progress of age-related vision loss <sec> age-related macular degeneration causes central vision loss .  age is primary risk factor ; other factors : obesity , smoking , high blood pressure .  two forms of amd : wet and dry ; until recently few treatments were available .  injections containing anti-growth factor can slow progress of wet am .
 opinion : bergdahl release : an ugly decision , but the right call <sec> aaron miller : u.s. deal to free bergdahl was ugly , but it was moral and necessary .  he says when u.s. sends troops into harm 's way , it 's responsible for them .  u.s. weakened its hand by making deal , he says , but it reflected nation 's values .  miller : we need to face that we had the conviction , courage to act , no matter how mess .
 obama to get spy-proof smartphone <sec> report : security officials approve $ 3,350 smartphone for barack obama .  obama was an inveterate blackberry user during his campaign .  security concerns that e-mail could be hacked , or gps used to locate president .  phone capable of encrypting voice conversations , handling classified document .
 new terrorist plot to attack plane foiled <sec> new : device was meant to be put on a u.s.-bound airline , says u.s. rep. peter king .  the intended user of the bomb in no longer a threat , officials says .  a senior u.s. official says the device points to al qaeda in the arabian peninsula .  the device was seized abroad , and the plot was discovered before it threatened any airliner .
 cnn tests alcohol of anheuser-busch beers ; brewer , attorney dispute findings <sec> cnn hires an independent lab to test samples of budweiser and three related brands .  bud ice showed 5.35 % alcohol by volume compared with the label 's 5.5 % .  anheuser-busch calls results `` well within the variability of the all-natural brewing process '' .  but plaintiffs ' attorney says a fraction of less alcohol saves millions over a yea .
 tsa finds gun packed in a playstation 2 <sec> airline passenger packed gun parts in a playstation 2 , the tsa says .  tsa officers discovered the weapon at new york 's john f. kennedy international airport .  the man was arrested on a weapons charg .
 did tweeting get jetblue passenger kicked off plane ? <sec> passenger claims her tweets got her kicked off a flight .  pilot claims passengers accused him of being drunk .  jetblue says test results showed he was sober .  airline says criticism would not be enough to remove a passenge .
 man who survived 2 atom bombs dies <sec> man exposed to two atom bombs at the end of world war ii has died .  tsutomu yamaguchi died after a long battle with stomach cancer at 93 .  he appealed for the abolition of nuclear weapons at the united nations . .  about 140,000 people perished in hiroshima and an additional 70,000 in nagasak .
 more central american migrants caught than mexicans <sec> this year , the majority of undocumented immigrants caught were from central america .  typically , most of the apprehensions are of mexican nationals .  mexican economic gains have slowed migratio .
 alaska volcano 'more energetic , ' scientists say <sec> new : `` volcanic tremor '' increasing in `` amplitude , '' observatory says .  the 10,200-foot mount redoubt is about 100 miles southwest of anchorage , alaska .  volcano last erupted in december 1989 .  eruption could spawn huge mudflows , disrupt flights with as .
 does islam fuel terrorism ? <sec> peter bergen : debate rages about whether attacks have anything to do with islam .  he says they are inspired by some islamic precepts but come from ultrafundamentalist interpretation .
 teens allegedly kill cop , likely turn gun on selves , police say <sec> police responded to a report of an officer shot and heard more gunshots during rescue .  nearby , authorities found the bodies of brandon goode , 18 , and alexandria hollinghurst , 17 .  goode and hollinghurst had both left suicide letters ; one of hollinghurst 's was scathing .  chief : robert german was `` one of the finest police officers that we had in this agency .
 can syria 's president survive ? <sec> the arab spring has forced three leaders from power so far .  syria 's president could go , too , some analysts say .  unrest that has roiled syria for months took a turn this week .  syria 's arab neighbors have joined the west in criticizing the syrian leade .
 russia 's far east rocked by powerful earthquake <sec> the earthquake was centered off the western coast of the kamchatka peninsula .  no tsunami warnings were issued .  the region is located along the pacific `` ring of fire , '' an area of high seismic and volcanic activit .
 spain unemployment tops 20 percent <sec> government says 4.6 million people are out of work in spain .  figure is up from 19 percent and 4.3 million people in the previous quarter .  spain 's unemployment rate is second highest in europe after latvi .
 doctor 's girlfriend heard 'mumbling , ' 'coughing ' in michael jackson 's bedroom <sec> girlfriend describes call with murray when prosecutors say he realized jackson stopped breathing .  three woman who met dr. conrad murray in las vegas clubs testify .  the pharmacist who sold murray propofol testifes .  testimony from the lead lapd detective and coroner 's investigator are expected soo .
 death toll climbs as roke leaves japan <sec> roke is no longer a tropical storm .  the remnants of the storm are racing into the northern pacific .  plant officials report no major problems at the stricken fukushima daiichi nuclear plan .
 morocco holds first parliamentary elections since protests <sec> new : turnout is 45 % , the interior ministry says .  the poll is important as a reflection of the desire for change , an analyst says .  the elections are the first to be held since protests forced constitutional reform .  morocco has not seen the same major upheaval as some other countries in the regio .
 cheney unapologetic in new documentary <sec> the two-hour documentary tells the story of cheney 's life through his own comments .  he flunked out of yale twice and never finished his sophomore year .  the documentary ticks through cheney 's resume of 40 years in public service .  cheney remains as satisfied as ever with his performance as vice presiden .
 man 's best friend helping war veterans heal <sec> war veterans often struggle with invisible wounds such as post-traumatic stress disorder .  service dogs can help them overcome their struggles and avoid anxiety attacks .  cnn hero mary cortani has assisted dozens of veterans in finding , training their dogs .  do you know a hero ? .  nominations are open for 2013 cnn heroe .
 newsquiz : week of october 24 <sec> use the weekly newsquiz to test your knowledge of stories you saw on cnn student news .  write your answers in the space provided .  today 's newsquiz includes the media literacy question of the da .
 new york harassment video woman : my story is n't unique <sec> shoshana roberts was catcalled more than 100 times in 10 hours .  video of the street harassment has been viewed more than 12 million times .  roberts has received lots of support , but also death threats and rape threat .
 the day that changed presidential security forever <sec> thirty years after reagan 's shooting , presidential protection is more comprehensive .  powerful explosives are among growing threats to presidential security .  agent who shadowed reagan : explosives now `` can take a city block out . '' .  book author : `` they do n't want to risk agents thinking . .  they just have to act .
 haslam wins tennessee gop primary for governor <sec> cohen is winner of 9th district democratic primary .  knoxville mayor bill haslam has nearly 48 percent of the vote in the gop governor 's primary .  the gop winner will face democrat mike mcwherter .  the gop race grabbed national attention last mont .
 your guide to the new marvel movies <sec> marvel has announced its slate of movies through 2019 .  they include a film featuring the first black superhero .  one story arc will be spread out over two film .
 naacp , parents and activists in harlem at odds over charter schools <sec> the naacp and a new york city teachers ' union are trying to stop 22 school closures .  the groups want to stop the expansion or co-location of 20 charter schools .  an naacp official says the plan unfairly favors charters at the expense of regular schools .  but some , like activist geoffrey canada , say more charter schools are neede .
 'the hunger games ' earns $ 19.7 million at midnight screenings <sec> `` the hunger games '' grossed a staggering $ 19.7 million from midnight showings .  saturday and sunday grosses should prove quite sturdy .  `` the hunger games '' should take in at least $ 50 million on frida .
 russia , u.s. confident a nuclear deal will be reached with iran <sec> russian foreign minister expresses hope for a compromise with iran .  proposed deal would cover every aspect of iran 's nuclear program , u.s. official says .  it would also `` extend the breakout time '' iran would need to achieve a nuclear weapo .
 opinion : world cup and black friday carnage in 2022 ? <sec> a winter world cup has some positives , argues football writer james montague .  it will bring huge tv audiences in europe and open the game to the rest of the world .  questions still remain over conduct of bid vot .
 ibrahimovic sparks social media storm <sec> zlatan ibrahimovic scores a 30-yard overhead kick .  ibrahimovic scored all four goals for swede .
 the high-speed rail revolution <sec> european rail travel is having a renaissance boosted by new high-speed links .  network rail will conduct a review into building new rail lines across great britain .  new high-speed links recently opened between uk and europe and into east franc .
 japan fed up with 'whack-a-mole ' approach to fukushima <sec> japan 's industry minister says `` the government is going to step forward '' .  the crippled nuclear plant has been beset by a range of problems .  the most pressing one is dealing with huge volumes of radioactive water .  the fukushima plant was the site of the worst nuclear accident since 198 .
 un , north korea meet again to discuss sinking of south korean ship <sec> new : the two sides will meet again next thursday .  the talks are designed to set the stage for higher-level discussions .  u.n. command : the 2nd round of talks last 1 hour and 45 minutes .  north korea has been blamed for the sinking of the warship cheonan , but denies i .
 husband wants answers over wife whose death sparked abortion debate <sec> praveen halappanavar believes notes are missing from his wife 's medical records .  she died of blood poisoning after being denied an abortion while miscarrying , he says .  ireland , a majority catholic country , has strict laws on abortion .  health authorities are reviewing the circumstances of savita halappanavar 's deat .
 bolivia says morales , provincial governors reach deal <sec> new : deal aimed at ending weeks of violence .  bolivian military accuses governor of genocide .  30 peasants killed friday in clashes in pando province .  u.s. urges its citizens to leave bolivia , announces emergency evacuation flight .
 secrets of horror cellar revealed <sec> new : hospitalized incest daughter 's condition is grave but stable , police say .  fritzl imprisoned and raped daughter , also fathered her children , police say .  wife of josef fritzl was too scared to question him , her sister says .  fritzl 's wife focused on keeping family healthy , according to her siste .
 oval office setting is message behind the message <sec> obama to give oval office address on end of combat mission in iraq .  presidents do n't give speeches from the oval office casually , says historian .  obama 's other oval office address was two months ag .
 spain draw czechs in euro 2012 group <sec> european champions spain drawn in five-nation group for qualifiers for 2012 event .  vicente del bosque 's team face czech republic , scotland , lithuania and liechtenstein .  the 2008 runners-up germany drawn with turkey , who they beat in that year 's semifinals .  world champions italy drawn with fellow world cup qualifiers slovenia and slovaki .
 zara phillips targets olympic gold with baby mia by her side <sec> zara phillips helps britain qualify for 2016 olympics less than nine months after giving birth .  phillips now targeting gold medal in rio de janeiro after claiming silver at london 2012 .  the 33-year-old is treasuring the experience of being a mother to mia grace tindal .
 being a cop in border town more perilous as drug cartels issue threats <sec> cartel has issued death threats against police in nogales , arizona .  the region is a major drug corridor where authorities have been cracking down .  cartels are `` not happy and they are desperate to get that across , '' police chief says .  the town of 24,000 has had just one murder in three year .
 mourn , and take action on guns <sec> ethan zuckerman : friends react to newtown shooting with grief , prayers , calls for gun control .  he says some say talk about gun control insensitive ; he says no . .  we must mourn and act .  he says 2012 may be worst year for gun violence in u.s. , yet we avoid talk of gun control .  writer : best way to mourn these deaths is to demand we change our laws , our cultur .
 canadian folk singer killed by coyotes , park official says <sec> taylor mitchell was at the skyline trail in cape breton highlands national park .  hikers saw coyotes attack mitchell and called 911 ; she later died at a halifax hospital .  park where attack occurred remains closed ; coyote believed to be involved has been shot .  mitchell was nominated for young performer of the year by canadian folk music award .
 lz granderson : kanye , miley and death of the diva <sec> lz granderson : `` diva '' once applied to people with long records of achievement .  he says the term now is used for many who are famous for being famous or early in their careers .  lz : true divas are people like leontyne price , barbara streisand , meryl streep .  kanye west calling himself a `` creative genius '' rules him out of the diva category , lz say .
 nokia gets into the tablet game <sec> nokia announced its first tablet , the 10-inch lumia 2520 running windows rt .  the company also announced a pair of large , 6-inch smartphones .  this is nokia 's first big press event since microsoft announced it was buying part of the busines .
 rare inter-korean meeting fails <sec> north tells delegation from the south to `` go back '' .  north korea refuses to talk with anyone from president lee myung-bak 's administratio .
 why u.s. must do more to combat use of child soldiers <sec> armed groups in syria on both sides of conflict are recruiting children .  u.s. government report says it 's one of 10 countries using child soldiers .  world vision says the u.s. is supplying arms to countries on that list .  eaves : `` the united states refuses to show the will necessary to enforce the law .
