 walkout at u.n. as ahmadinejad speaks <sec> new : ahmadinejad refers to the u.s. government as having `` no faith in god '' .  new : ahmadinejad says the u.s. killed bin laden instead of assigning a fact-finding team on the 9-11 attacks .  ahmadinejad 's meeting with university students and faculty wednesday was generally lighthearted .  his depiction of iran 's 2009 crackdown on protests differs from the u.s. versio .
 palin 's resignation hardly a curtain call <sec> alaska gov . .  sarah palin stepping down from office on sunday .  in the year since her national debut , she 's become a polarizing figure in the gop .  people are drawn to -- and threatened by -- her potential , image consultant says .  palin is beginning her career as a national celebrity , columnist michael carey say .
 4-year-old boy in luxury apartment found dead ; baby sitter arrested <sec> boy , 4 , is found dead in a luxury apartment building in new york city .  he had cuts , burns and visible bruising , authorities say .  his baby sitter , 28 , has been arrested , but she has not been charged , police sa .
 defterios : are the emerging 'brics ' markets dead ? <sec> cnn 's john defterios gathered an all-star panel for his discussion 'emerging markets at a crossroads ' in davos .  the consensus was that the brics share little in terms of a common dna .  but investment in these markets are still paying handsome dividend .
 ninth woman says san diego mayor sexually harassed her <sec> emily gilbert tells cnn that the mayor gave her `` tush a pat '' at a fundraising event .  singer who resembles marilyn monroe says mayor asked : `` marilyn , can i get your card ? '' .  filner has refused to resign ; he says he will enter a behavior counseling clini .
 prosecutor in immigrant 's beating death suspected cover-up <sec> pennsylvania prosecutor says police helped teens falsify stories in deadly street brawl .  two teens were acquitted of felony charges in the death of mexican immigrant luis ramirez .  three police officers , including police chief , accused in federal indictment of cover-u .
 'uncontacted tribe ' sighted in amazon <sec> the photos are published on the national indian foundation 's web site .  government : men appear strong and healthy , live in communal shelters .  `` uncontacted tribes '' are thought to have had no contact with outsider .
 more than 2 million affected by earthquake , chile 's president says <sec> new : death toll rises to more than 300 and 15 are missing , emergency agency says .  more than 2 million affected by quake , chile 's president says .  infrastructure damage is severe and widespread , including buildings and highways .  8.8-magnitude quake occurred at a depth of nearly 22 mile .
 an early peek at 'borderlands 2 ' <sec> the art style remains the same , with familiar hand-painted looks and dark outlines .  the action takes place five years after the conclusion of `` borderlands '' .  gamers will have to wait until september 18 to get their hands on `` borderlands 2 .
 solar landfill provides a shining example <sec> former landfill in the u.s. using solar sheets to power local homes .  ten acres of plastic sheets fitted with photovoltaic cells .  waterproof sheets also trap methane which is also collected .  epa estimate there are 100,000 closed landfills in the u.s .
 eurostar runs tests after train failures <sec> eurostar trying to get about 500 people in `` emergency situations '' out of london , spokesman says .  tests sunday are `` to better understand problems that have been occurring , '' company says .  eurostar not taking any new bookings until after christmas , company announced .  cancellation of england-to-france express train service stranded thousand .
 lindsay lohan 's 'doing great ' post-rehab <sec> lindsay lohan has completed 90 days in rehab .  her next step is to spend a few days with a sobriety coach .  a source close to the actress says she 's doing great .  work , including a docu-series for own , awaits lohan in augus .
 1 dead , 2 injured during tailgating crash before harvard-yale game <sec> new : moment of silence is observed during half-time of rivalry game .  yale says one of the injured is a student there .  the driver of a u-haul lost control and ran into 3 women .  the accident occurred during tailgating outside yale bow .
 amanda knox lawyer makes emotional plea for acquittal <sec> new : prosecutor accuses defense of `` lynching '' police who worked on case .  defense lawyer for amanda knox becomes emotional during wednesday 's closing argument .  luciano ghirga sobs as he tells the jury knox is innocent and has been mistreated .  knox , an american student , is accused of murdering her british roommate in ital .
 police : some blood found in missing toddler 's home was ayla 's <sec> testing confirms some of the blood belongs to missing ayla reynolds .  police say some of that blood `` was visible to the naked eye , some was n't '' .  three adults were in ayla 's home the night before she was reported missing .  their accounts do n't `` pass the 'straight-face ' test , '' a maine state spokesman say .
 injury forces moya to hang up racket <sec> former world no . .  1 carlos moya calls time on his tennis career due to injury problems .  the 34-year-old spaniard has not played since losing at the madrid open in may .  he won 20 titles in 15 years on the atp tour , including the 1998 french open .  moya was the first player from his country to top the men 's world ranking .
 france to pay for implant removals , even as cancer fears subside <sec> experts alleviated cancer fears linked to a certain breast implant .  but the government will still offer to pay to remove them .  there are risks of rupture , the health ministry says .  the brand of implants was not sold in the u.s .
 ted kennedy visitation begins at jfk library <sec> body will lie in repose thursday and friday at library in boston , massachusetts .  president obama , three former presidents to attend funeral .  sen. ted kennedy 's funeral will be saturday at boston 's mission church .  massachusetts service will precede burial in arlington national cemeter .
 washington landslide : boy , 4 , remains calm during muddy rescue <sec> new : rescuer : `` we have no clue how he ended up there by himself '' .  new : a neighbor recalls cradling boy in blanket , singing to him after rescue .  young jacob , who was upstairs , was rescued ; search continues for his father , 3 half-siblings .  rescue team 's crew chief said the boy was extremely brave under trying circumstance .
 crews in gulf will go ahead with drilling of relief well <sec> new : work on relief well will resume .  new : unchanged pressure in wellhead gives crews more options on killing well .  the first family will travel to panama city beach , florida , saturday .  financial effects of the spill could hurt area businesses for up to three year .
 opinion : russia 's euphoria over crimea wo n't last <sec> president vladimir putin 's domestic popularity has been boosted , writes david satter .  starting a war to solve a domestic problem is now a russian tradition , he says .  satter : russia 's businessmen depend on the west because of lawlessness in russia .  the impending economic crisis is a potential threat to putin 's political base , he write .
 inside the isis plot to attack the heart of europe <sec> belgian counterterrorism official tells cnn how they thwarted an isis cell .  january 15 was the biggest firefight belgian commandos have faced since world war ii .  the trail goes from belgium to greece and syri .
 egypt 's revolution on the margins <sec> egypt 's revolution has shown clear fault lines in society , says h.a . .  hellyer .  muslim brotherhood gained impressive support , and squandered it almost as quickly .  hellyer : military remains popular , despite civil rights violations in egypt 's `` war on terror '' .  pro-revolution activists and rights campaigners on the margins , three years o .
 liverpool lose injured torres for rest of european season <sec> fernando torres ruled out for about six weeks as he needs operation on his knee .  liverpool striker will miss rest of european season and faces battle for world cup fitness .  arsenal 's english title hopes suffer big blow with shock 3-2 defeat at wigan .  real madrid close to within a point of spanish leaders barcelona , beating valencia 2- .
 fans : whitney houston 's music spanned an era , breaking barriers and records <sec> new : houston was a `` hero for gen x black girls , '' one fan says .  last year 's fallen icons included american singer and songwriter vesta williams .  heavy d and nick ashford also died last year .  `` icons from that era stood out , '' fan say .
 11 things to know before visiting quebec <sec> the `` language police '' enforce strict rules aimed at preserving french in quebec .  a minority of the population would like to be independent of canada .  chefs bring formal french education to rich , meat-heavy quebec staple .
 man charged in 1 wife 's death , investigated in other 's <sec> new : a claim was filed on second wife 's life insurance two days after her death .  murder charge in second wife 's death leads police to re-examine first wife 's death .  harold henthorn says his second wife had a fatal fall on 12th wedding anniversary .  first wife sandra lynn henthorn died when a car jack slipped , crushing her beneath ca .
 obama meets with chinese premier wen <sec> u.s. president barack obama meets chinese premier on final day of his visit to china .  obama visited the great wall before flying to south korea .  u.s. , china agree to team up to fight climate change , create clean energy .  `` china and the united states share extensive common interests , '' hu say .
 a dying patient is not a battlefield <sec> theresa brown tells of dying patient who got much sicker from aggressive treatment .  she says `` fighting '' serious illnesses can cause terrible agony , keep patient from family .  brown cites study suggesting palliative care offers better quality and longer life .  dying patients should not be pressured to go through drastic treatments , she say .
 is alabama college football 's new dynasty ? <sec> alabama wins its third bcs title in four years .  the team joins two other teams in college football history to complete that feat .  `` this is , in my lifetime , the best dynasty that i 've ever seen in college football , '' espn commentator say .
 u.s. blames sudan 's president for darfur 'catastrophe ' <sec> state department says sudan president throwing out aid agencies is `` catastrophe '' .  hillary clinton warns sudan president will be `` responsible for every single death '' .  omar al-bashir wanted aid groups out after indictment on war crime charges .  spokesman : bashir must reverse decision because `` people 's lives are at risk .
 one way to fight guns <sec> van jones : guns kill twice as many kids as cancer in america .  jones : young people created posters to raise awareness and fight gun violence .  he says gunshowgallery.com posters show generation that wants to change world .  jones : can their effort make a dent in a debate dominated by the nra 's army of lobbyists .
 ford europe boss : 'green shoots ' showing in car industry <sec> ford europe ceo says uk debate on eu membership not short term `` inhibitor '' .  odell also said the weak pound against euro would not deter ford 's operation in the uk .  u.k. prime minister david cameron is pledging to offer the british electorate vote on europe by 201 .
 war 's forgotten : tripoli zoo animals suffer , lacking food , water <sec> cnn 's nic robertson finds the tripoli zoo deserted of people .  and he finds animals there languishing without adequate food and water .  the zookeeper says for seven days during tripoli fighting , the animals got nothing .  now , 10 of the 200-person staff have returned to care for the animal .
 gates : posting classified war documents was morally wrong <sec> gates and mullen say wikileaks did harm in posting classified documents .  the justice department will decide on criminal charges , but wikileaks is morally guilty , gates says .  gates : the military provides updated information to frontline soldiers , raising the risk of leak .
 airline drops salads from europe flights <sec> american airlines has pulled vegetables from the menus of all flights leaving europe .  change comes amid a deadly e. coli outbreak in germany , sweden .  the source is unknown , but it has been traced to imported cucumbers from spai .
 capsized ships and battered rigs : incredible racing images from the sea <sec> malta photographer kurt arrigo wins world yacht racing forum image of the year .  picture of competitors in rolex volcano race praised by judges for originality .  fifth annual competition only open to professional photographers .  judges included olympic gold medalists shirley robertson and ben ainsli .
 hong kong victim 's father wants death penalty <sec> `` he has already taken my daughter 's life , so he has to pay with his life , '' father says .  the bodies of two indonesian women were found in a hong kong apartment .  a british investment banker who lived in the apartment has been charged with murder .  hong kong abolished capital punishment more than two decades ag .
 clashes break out as greek strikers aim for nationwide shutdown <sec> new : greek lawmakers pass new austerity measures in an initial round of voting .  at least six protesters and 15 police officers are injured in clashes , police say .  backers demand that greece get its finances in order to get more bailout money .  european union leaders worry that greek debt threatens the eur .
 no smoking if the kids are in the car , says england <sec> england has banned smoking in cars where children are present .  the law will come into force from october 1 .  `` three million children are exposed to second-hand smoke in cars , '' the public health minister sai .
 australia : man accused of funding u.s. fighter in syria <sec> the 23-year-old suspect is accused of funding a u.s. man who went to fight in syria .  australian police say they investigated after a tip-off from the fbi .  the suspect is accused of providing about $ 12,000 to a terror organization .  police : no known link to an incident in which a teenage terror suspect was shot dea .
 chinese activist says he escaped cruel house arrest , calls for investigation <sec> new : u.n. human rights chief is `` disturbed '' chen guangcheng 's kin may be detained .  the blind activist fled to beijing after being under house arrest for over 18 months .  he expresses concerns about his family and calls for a probe of local officials .  the whereabouts of a fellow activist who talked about chen 's case are unknow .
 beckham plays classic cameo role as psg win le classique <sec> david beckham makes debut for paris saint germain .  comes off the bench in crunch match against marseille .  psg win match 2-0 to strengthen grip on french title .  inter milan and ac milan draw 1-1 in derby matc .
 training programs offer hope to jordanian youth <sec> training programs are aiming to bring more young jordanians into workforce .  youth unemployment in jordan is amongst highest in the world .  country has worked with international labour organization to address issu .
 egypt versus algeria : inside the storm <sec> egypt played algeria in a winner takes all battle for a place at the world cup . .  violence , stoked by both country 's media , broke out as algeria qualify . .  the match created a diplomatic incident between egypt and algeria . .  president mubarak has personally intervened in the row .
 suicide bomber hits hezbollah checkpoint , casualties reported <sec> the suicide bomber detonated near a hezbollah regional center .  the blast took place near a hezbollah center for the regio .
 four feared dead after small plane crashes in nashville <sec> the four people on board are believed to be from the same family .  the airplane crashed beside a ymca ; no other injuries were reported .  the cause of the crash is not clea .
 dr. oz is the first man on 'o ' magazine cover <sec> dr. mehmet oz joins oprah winfrey on the cover of `` o '' magazine .  `` i think i 'm a better doctor than i am a husband , '' oz , 51 , tells winfrey in january 's issue .  the january issue of `` o '' will hit newsstands december 13 .
 mayweather puts wwe and dancing aside for marquez <sec> floyd mayweather talks to cnn ahead of his fight with juan manuel marquez .  mayweather will put his dancing and wwe interests aside for the fight .  the contest will be mayweather 's first fight since his defeat of ricky hatton .  mayweather is recognized as one of the best pound-for-pound fighters eve .
 activist boards japanese whaling ship <sec> sea shepherd : new zealand man climbs aboard japanese ship to make citizen 's arrest .  man was captain of a boat that sank after colliding with a japanese whaler .  japan : incident a `` publicity stunt ; '' no decision on what to do with man .  incident highlights feud between japanese whaling fleets and conservation group .
 obama 's stepping on his own state of the union message - cnnpolitics.com <sec> elizabeth warren 's impact on hillary clinton camp recalls mario cuomo in 1992 .  what key gopers are saying about loretta lynch .  how jason chaffetz will change darrell issa 's old committe .
 why i do n't want my daughters to see 'fifty shades ' <sec> one parent questions the submissive goal of `` fifty shades '' for her daughters .  the trailer has received more than 28 million views .  `` fifty shades of grey '' comes out in theaters on valentine 's day 201 .
 wildfires threaten west texas homes <sec> new : winds making the firelines difficult to hold , officials say .  new : firefighters will `` do everything we humanly , safely can '' to protect the homes .  some residents remain at threatened homes despite evacuation order .  250 firefighters , including teams from arizona , nevada and georgia , are on the scen .
 pirelli comes out fighting over formula one tire chaos <sec> pirelli offers its explanation for tire blow-outs at british grand prix .  tires mounted the wrong way , low tire pressure , extra camber and high kerbs to blame .  new rear tires introduced for german grand prix this week .  mercedes race driver lewis hamilton says tires are still a concer .
 'gandhi ' star returns to india with bollywood movie <sec> oscar-winner ben kingsley stars with bollywood legend amitabh bachchan .  `` teen patti '' is kingsley 's first return to indian filmmaking after `` gandhi in 1982 .  it is the first time an oscar-winner has starred in bollywood film .  most high-profile amalgamation of western and indian movie-making talent ye .
 10 beautiful waterfalls across the u.s . <sec> alaska 's bridal veil falls is usually frozen in winter .  shoshone falls , in idaho , is 36 feet taller than niagara falls .  visitors can climb and explore wisconsin 's potato river fall .
 toobin : obama has been 'very tough ' on leakers <sec> new : obama will not accept harmful leaks , spokesman says .  democratic presidents may feel the need to be tough on law enforcement , cnn analyst says .  congressional pressure may be one reason for increased prosecutions , an expert says .  technology also makes it easier to determine the source of leaks , he say .
 six-wicket afridi gives pakistan victory <sec> shahid afridi claims six victims to pave the way for pakistan to beat australia .  pakistan reach required target to win first one-dayer in dubai by four wickets .  adam gilchrist half-century helps deccan chargers beat bangalore in the ip .
 kagan pledges open mind , impartiality if confirmed to supreme court <sec> new : first day of elena kagan 's supreme court confirmation hearing concludes with her opening statement .  new : kagan says supreme court justices must be impartial to ensure equal justice for all .  republicans question kagan 's experience and impartiality , while democrats praise her qualifications .  if confirmed as expected , kagan would be the 112th supreme court justice and fourth woman on the nation 's highest cour .
 dirty play at swamp soccer tournament <sec> swamp soccer was started by cross-country skiers on the bogs of finland .  the 2009 world championships have just been held in strachur , scotland .  competitors came from all over the world to take part in the tournamen .
 illinois man dies in crash ; wife leaves car , vanishes <sec> search for tanya shannon stretches into third day .  her husband died in a car crash early sunday .  footprints thought to be hers were found leading to a roa .
 man held over daughter 's '6-year kidnap , rape ' <sec> daughter accuses polish man of holding her captive 6 years , fathering 2 sons .  police detained 45-year-old man in eastern city of siedlce .  officers to conduct tests on boys to determine if the man is their father .  recalls case of austria 's josef fritzl , accused of holding daughter for 24 year .
 olympic sponsorship : must it be so unhealthy ? <sec> ioc president questions suitability of mcdonald 's and coke as olympic sponsors .  malcolm clark says public unease is growing at promotion of unhealthy products .  situation is made worse by the nature of the olympic sponsorship deals , he argues .  clark : free equipment , sporting initiatives do not make unhealthy diets less unhealth .
 jennifer lopez does n't miss the gym <sec> jennifer lopez told allure magazine that she 'd fallen off her workout routine .  now that she 's gearing up with a new album , she 's getting back to her old habits .  lopez : part of my business is being in shape and looking goo .
