 report : china intimidated parents of quake victims <sec> amnesty international says china `` must cease harassing '' survivors .  relatives detained for seeking answers about children 's deaths , report says .  official death toll from may 12 quake is 69,227 ; 17,923 are missing .  government blamed for buildings ' collaps .
 opinion : turkish boots on ground wo n't defeat isis <sec> turkey 's parliament voted on thursday to authorize military action against isis .  release of hostages by isis leaves turkey free to reevaluate strategy , says andreas krieg .  krieg : intervention would create safe haven like one created in northern iraq after gulf war .  unlikely turkish forces would advance into jihadists ' heartland of raqqa or mosul , he add .
 giant transformers exhibit opens in macau <sec> transformers 30th anniversary expo opens at venetian macao .  exhibit features more than 1,000 toys and collectibles over 10 zones .  holograms of transformers and giant statues among items on displa .
 obama seeks middle ground on immigration reform <sec> arizona governor challenges obama to secure the border with mexico .  sen. reid , d-nevada , hits gop for `` polarizing rhetoric '' .  sen. cornyn , r-texas , says speeches `` wo n't cut it anymore '' .  obama calls for bipartisan comprehensive immigration refor .
 brett favre returns to the gridiron for 'madden ' <sec> brett favre will play in a `` madden nfl 13 '' pigskin pro am flag football game august 26 .  favre says as long as kids are athletic in real life , madden games can teach them a lot .  `` madden nfl 13 '' is updated with an online mode and other features .  ea sports releases `` madden nfl 13 '' on august 2 .
 gingrich : sebelius has lost all credibility <sec> newt gingrich : sebelius sounded orwellian when she said website never `` crashed '' .  he says millions are losing their health care policies despite promises .  gingrich says they will be forced to try to navigate a dysfunctional website .  sebelius should be replaced as health and human services secretary , he say .
 south korea christmas penguin march <sec> african penguins dressed as santa claus and christmas trees march around a south korean amusement park .  zookeepers , also dressed for the occasion , led the festivities around the zo .
 planned parenthood prevails at supreme court <sec> justices let stand appeals court ruling that had rejected indiana law .  law sought to block medicaid reimbursements if health provider also performs abortions .  planned parenthood says only a fraction of services related to abortion .  medicaid is health care program for poor and disable .
 czech republic double up as veteran radek stepanek keeps his nerve <sec> czech republic win davis cup final beating serbia 3-2 .  czechs retain the trophy they won last year .  radek stepanek wins the deciding singles .  novak djokovic had extended winning run to 24 to draw serbia leve .
 michael jackson : king of pop business <sec> jackson transformed the role of artists as power brokers .  estate includes ownership of half the beatles catalogue .  bragman : `` he rewrote the history of the entertainment industry in his time '' .  report : debts estimated at $ 500 million at the time of his deat .
 ronaldo matches la liga scoring record <sec> cristiano ronaldo 's double gives real madrid forward 38 league goals this season .  portugal forward matches the efforts of athletic bilbao 's telmo zarra and real 's hugo sanchez .  valencia clinch third place in spain , while villarreal will finish fourth .  deposed italian champions inter milan will finish second after 1-1 draw with napol .
 ka-ching ! kim kardashian engagement ring reportedly fetches $ 749,000 <sec> the 20-carat diamond ring exceeded the presale estimate , an official says .  us weekly reports it was the ring kris humphries gave to kim kardashian .  christie 's did not confirm whether it was kardashian 's ring .  the couple was married for 72 days before splitting u .
 detroit avoids state takeover threat , agrees to financial consent agreement <sec> city faces insolvency ; vote prevents michigan state takeover .  without more cost cutting , the city wo n't be able to pay its bills come june .  city of detroit struggling , but its automakers enjoying financial resurgenc .
 is oscar pistorius crazy ? state wants tests <sec> new : prosecutor gerrie nel says the law requires an evaluation of pistorius .  a psychiatrist testified that he suffers general anxiety and is depressed .  she says he can tell the difference between right and wrong .  pistorius says he mistook his girlfriend for an intruder in the middle of the nigh .
 all clear given after vehicle prompts closure of the brooklyn bridge <sec> person in protective suit and a dog investigated the unattended vehicle .  traffic was diverted away from the famed manhattan-to-brooklyn corridor .  the vehicle had no plates , nor an identification numbe .
 government ca n't hold nsa surveillance data longer <sec> judge with secret fisa court said the government has not overcome privacy concerns .  current law requires the government to purge surveillance records within five years .  the justice department argued that the data had to be preserved due to litigatio .
 the real impact of automatic cuts and why they may happen after all <sec> new : two air force bases cancel air shows , citing budget cuts and sequestration .  looming cuts in spending could reduce services , impact the military , teachers , border patrols .  some republicans feel even more cuts are needed , while democrats offer a plan of their own .  lawmakers blame each other for yet another congressional showdow .
 lady liberty and ellis island remain closed in sandy 's wake <sec> both locations have been closed october 29 .  at liberty island , both the visitor and national park service docks sustained significant damage .  it is not clear when both locations will reope .
 in iowa , potential candidates compete for 2016 spotlight - cnnpolitics.com <sec> potential gop presidential candidates will gather in iowa this weekend .  the state holds the nation 's first presidential nominating contest next yea .
 why taiwan is right to ban ipads for kids <sec> lawmakers in taiwan have outlawed ipads and other electronic gadgets for children under the age of two .  they have also demanded that those under the age of 18 do not use digital media for `` a period of time that is not reasonable '' .  the new taiwanese legislation is important , writes jake wallis simon .
 narendra modi : the man of the millennium ? ( opinion ) <sec> narendra modi , india 's prime minister , continues to draw praise for his speeches .  ravi agrawal says the prime minister talks about the issues that matter , particularly jobs .  he says some people think it 's time to match rhetoric with action .  agrawal : people should have realistic expectations ; it may take decades to change indi .
 beer we go . pep guardiola dowsed as bayern celebrate bundesliga title <sec> bayern munich beat stuttgart in final game of bundesliga season .  claudio pizarro scores last gasp goal for champions .  pep guardiola dowsed with beer in traditional celebration .  bayern hope to complete domestic double next wee .
 renegade lunch lady saving kids ' lives , one plate at a time <sec> chef , school nutrition chief ann cooper hopes to change the way america 's kids eat .  her berkeley , california , schools serve fruit , salad bar daily .  her `` meal wheel '' helps kids understand what should be on their plates dail .
 joan rivers ' daughter : 'fingers crossed ' on recovery <sec> little information about joan rivers ' condition has been made public .  rivers stopped breathing during throat surgery at a manhattan medical clinic .  she was listed in critical condition in new york 's mount sinai hospital thursda .
 commentary : how powell can answer cheney <sec> roland martin : colin powell is right to advocate a broader , more moderate gop .  he says he should follow through on his words by building an organization .  he says democrats regained power in 1990s after forming moderate group .  martin : powell could be the architect of a new republican part .
 military vet faces prospect of 10 years in prison for passport fraud <sec> new : in evaluations , superiors give positive reviews of dawkins , who had secret clearance .  the navy and army vet is now in federal custody after being charged with passport fraud .  his arrest comes after he failed to say he had previously submitted a passport application .  his supporters call it an innocent oversight , albeit one that may spur a long sentenc .
 commentary : kennedy a worker , not a playboy <sec> burton wides : in the tabloids , ted kennedy was viewed as a playboy .  he says the reality is that he worked very hard on his legislative agenda .  he says kennedy 's adroit work saved the voting rights act .  wides : kennedy knew there was a time for compromise -- and for boldnes .
 poll : most new jerseyans do n't give a flip about christie 's love for the cowboys - cnnpolitics.com <sec> a new poll shows that 83 % of new jersey football fans do n't care about gov . .  chris christie 's nfl loyalty .  christie 's love for the cowboys saw renewed attention this month when owner jerry jones treated him to a free gam .
 iran 's president calls airstrikes on isis 'theater ' <sec> iran has sent revolutionary guards to iraq to fight against isis .  president hassan rouhani insists syria 's government has battled terrorists .  he says washington post journalist detained in iran and others will have fair trial .
 lea michele tearfully dedicates teen choice award to cory monteith <sec> lea michele of `` glee '' won a teen choice award for tv actress -- comedy .  michele dedicated the win to her late boyfriend and co-star cory monteith .  `` he became a part of all of our hearts , and that 's where he 'll stay forever , '' she said .
 ex-spy 'falcon ' : u.s. likes snowden in russia <sec> convicted spy chris boyce : snowden is right where u.s. intelligence wants him to be .  boyce : russia , with such a poor human rights record , discredits snowden 's warnings .  boyce : snowden will hate it , but it 's better than his possible treatment in a u.s. prison .  meanwhile , the u.s. government will continue to spy on its citizens unabated , he say .
 4.5-magnitude quake strikes southern california <sec> temblor was centered 18 miles west-southwest of el centro , california .  quake was downgraded from an earlier magnitude of 5.1 .  quake was within the aftershock zone of an april 4 earthquak .
 how a 3-d printed arm gave hope to boy maimed in bomb blast <sec> aged 12 , daniel lost both his arms to a bomb in sudan .  american mick ebeling read about his plight and decided to help .  ebeling learned how to 3-d print a new arm for daniel .  he traveled to sudan and taught locals to 3-d print limbs for other .
 'the greatest athlete in the world ? ' <sec> bryan clay looking to win successive olympic decathlon titles in london .  clay took gold in beijing and also won the 2005 world championships .  the 32-year-old american is a devout christian and family man .  clay led a troubled life as a teenager in hawai .
 china 's chilling message to women <sec> maya wang : 5 women held by china authorities after planning international women 's day protests on sex harassment remain detained .  she says in a year when country poised to adopt anti-domestic violence law , beijing also sending chilling message on women 's activis .
 part of u.s. embassy complex in kabul comes under attack <sec> new : ministry : the gunshots continued for three or four minutes .  the attack occurs overnight in a locale where u.s. personnel live and work .  there were no immediate reports of casualties .  an isaf official describes it as a single inciden .
 victorious vonn closes on world cup record <sec> u.s. skier lindsey vonn wins 59th world cup race of career in slovenia on saturday .  vonn upstages home hero tina maze to triumph in women 's giant slalom at maribor .  maze extends her overall lead to 748 points as she finishes second ahead of anna fenninger .  italian dominik paris wins prestigious men 's downhill race at kitzbuhel in austri .
 israeli raid on gaza-bound flotilla remembered <sec> a moment of silence was held on the mavi marmara for the nine activists who died .  the mavi marmara was the ship on which the nine died in the israeli raid .  another , larger flotilla is planned for the last week of jun .
 commentary : nobel award recognizes u.s. dominance <sec> kiron skinner : it 's become fashionable to talk of a `` multipolar '' world .  she says u.s. economy and defense forces still dominate the world .  skinner : obama 's nobel prize recognized the primacy of the u.s .
 u.s. navy detains , releases six suspected pirates <sec> u.s. military ship captures skiff off somalia coast .  skiff matched description of commercial ship 's pursuer .  navy lets men go for lack of evidence ; saw suspects throwing stuff overboard .  u.s.-led international naval effort patrols a million square miles in gulf of ade .
 using facebook to bounty-hunt football 's 'disappeared ' players <sec> agent seeks compensation for clubs who lose young players to bigger teams .  paulo teixeira says some european sides do not always play ball in agreeing fees .  two european clubs have complained to fifa about brazilian agent 's claims .  teixeira typically gets 20 % of any compensation payment that is mad .
 venus williams bows out at u.s. open <sec> venus williams losing in the first round of the u.s. open .  the two-time champion beaten in three sets by china 's zheng jie .  u.s. 15th seed sloane stephens breezes beyond urszula radwanska .  defending champion andy murray begins his campaign with a straight-sets wi .
 art project shuts down interstate in downtown atlanta . <sec> all lanes of interstate 75/85 shut down for two hours monday . .  georgia state said art project mounted to bridge was to blame . .  police working with gsu to remove other cameras around the city .
 how the internet built a $ 100,000 race car <sec> rally fighter is believed to be the first production vehicle to be designed through crowdsourcing .  its design was chosen through a vote by a community of people on the internet .  the car was built by local motors of arizona and costs $ 99,90 .
 africa 's unspoilt surf paradise -- but for how long ? <sec> liberian alfred lomax took up surfing five years ago , shortly after the end of the civil war .  robertsport is known for its ideal surf conditions with five point breaks .  tourist are starting to head to liberia 's shores to make the most of the waves .  many liberians are hoping more tourists will come , bringing more money to the countr .
 istanbul 's gezi park reopens and closes again as protests continue <sec> istanbul 's gezi park reopened for the first time since last month and soon closed gain .  protesters driven out of the park continued chanting in the streets .  riot police break up all groups of 30 or more with water cannon , tear ga .
 neil armstrong , a hero who shunned fame <sec> gene seymour : neil armstrong was a star test pilot , cool and decisive under stress .  he says armstrong chose not to exploit his historic role as the first man on the moon .  after leaving nasa , he taught aerospace engineering at the university of cincinnati .  seymour : armstrong refused to sell out himself , or his legacy , despite the temptations of fam .
 report : u.s. citizen in north korean prison attempted suicide <sec> north korea sentenced man to 8 years of hard labor .  gomes detained january 25 for trespassing into north korea from china .  sweden , which represents u.s. interests , reportedly looked into the cas .
 cause of multiple collisions in california ? zombies , driver tells cops <sec> teen took semi-trailer he was riding in at an inspection station , highway patrol says .  suspect caused collisions while `` he thought zombies were chasing him , '' officer says .  four people were injured , two seriously , in southern california inciden .
 cnn student news - august 26 , 2013 <sec> this page includes the show transcript , the daily curriculum , and maps .  use the transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary .  the daily curriculum offers the media literacy question of the day , key concepts , fast facts and discussion questions .  at the bottom of the page , please share your feedback about our show and curriculu .
 taylor kitsch : 'i would do 'john carter ' again tomorrow ' <sec> taylor kitsch said he had `` absolutely no regrets '' about his role in `` john carter '' .  `` i would do 'john carter ' again tomorrow , '' he says forthrightly .  disney still expects to lose $ 200 million on the fil .
 sudan expels kenyan ambassador over kenyan ruling to arrest al-bashir <sec> new : expulsion is a reaction to the kenyan court decision to arrest sudan 's president .  al-bashir visited kenya last year .  he is wanted by the international criminal court .  court rules international agreements trump au policie .
 cd , dvd boxed sets worth a look or listen <sec> plenty of interesting cd , dvd boxed sets available in time for holidays .  `` the beatles in mono '' collects fab four 's mono mixes .  criterion has a 25-disc akira kurosawa collectio .
 did cops learn from mistakes of ferguson ? ( <sec> dorothy brown : shooting by cop might have followed usual narrative of blaming black suspects .  but video in walter scott 's fatal shooting showed the truth , brown says .  with hindsight from michael brown case , north charleston did the right thing with arres .
 romney ad attacks huckabee as soft on crime <sec> mitt romney ad says mike huckabee was soft on crime as arkansas governor .  huckabee says his willingness to carry out executions shows he 's tough on crime .  romney 's assertion he `` got tough '' on massachusetts meth dealers questione .
 two dead in arizona air base stabbing <sec> a man and woman are found stabbed to death at luke air force base .  a knife was found at the scene .  there 's no threat to military personnel , a base spokeswoman sai .
 some cry 'coup ' as egypt 's highest court annuls parliament , military extends power <sec> new : ex-candidate amre moussa says the court ruling is `` not a political move '' .  new : u.s. sec . .  clinton says , `` there can be no going back on the democratic transition '' .  the supreme council of the armed forces declares full legislative authority .  a runoff vote is set for this weekend between mohamed morsi and shafi .
 bay area commute crawls as union offers latest bid to end bart strike <sec> new : bart rejects union 's latest offer , urges return to negotiating table , spokesman says .  new : bart is open to a mediator to address everything , not just a few issues .  the strike is the second in three months affecting bay area rapid transit .  the roughly 400,000 people who use bart must now seek other option .
 china : 5,335 students killed or missing after 2008 quake <sec> in september , officials put death toll at 69,227 , with more than 17,923 missing .  the tremor struck may 12 at about 2:30 p.m. , when many children were in school .  amnesty accused china intimidating relatives of children who died in quak .
 will elon musk fund a nikola tesla museum ? <sec> unsung inventor nikola tesla lived from 1856 to 1943 .  a campaign is underway to turn his former laboratory into a museum .  cartoonist matthew inman asked elon musk for $ 8 million donation .  musk tweeted that he is `` happy to help .
 6 killed when small plane crashes into maryland house <sec> a pilot named michael rosenberg crashed at the same airport in 2010 .  a woman and her two young sons were found dead inside the house , authorities say .  the `` black box '' has been recovered and its data is being analyzed , ntsb sai .
 suspect in florida cop slayings captured <sec> suspect dontae morris arrested .  he was turned in by a third party .  funeral for slain officers is saturday .  tampa police chief relieved arrests made before servic .
 bayern drop to second after hamburg draw <sec> bayern munich 's recent patchy form continues with a 1-1 draw at hamburg .  borussia dortmund now two points clear at top of bundesliga .  schalke also draw at home to mainz ; moenchengladbach draw black at wolfsbur .
 tim mcgraw rep : he swatted fan to save his pants <sec> fan grabbed mcgraw 's leg during show , and mcgraw `` swatted '' her , says rep .  mcgraw was trying to keep his jeans from being ripped , rep added .  videos of incident making way across interne .
