 andy griffith 's crowning achievement <sec> bob greene : when andy griffith died , most recalled him as the aw-shucks sherriff andy taylor .  but a stunning performance he gave earlier in his first film was the antithesis of his tv role .  in `` a face in the crowd '' griffith played a drifter-turned-star , an oily , monstrous character .  greene : griffith owns the movie ; you should see it to understand how good griffith wa .
 elizabeth taylor makes first outing 'in months ' <sec> elizabeth taylor attended andrea bocelli concert at hollywood bowl .  `` the first time i 've been out in months , '' taylor wrote on twitter .  taylor was in hospital last month but still `` exceedingly active , '' says spokesma .
 olivier rousteing , balmain 's master of megawatt glamour <sec> balmain 's creative director olivier rousteing has brought a note of hip-hop to the venerable house .  he has been the youngest creative director of a parisian fashion house since yves saint laurent .  rousteing cites rihanna as his muse and inspiration behind the latest collectio .
 record crowds attend hong kong tiananmen vigil <sec> a record 180,000 people attend a hong kong vigil to commemorate 1989 tiananmen square crackdown .  it 's been 23 years since troops opened fire on pro-democracy activists near the beijing square .  highlight of vigil was the attendance of fang zheng , who had both legs amputated after he was run over by an army tank .  the vigil attracted children as well as elderly residents who have dutifully come every yea .
 irish catholic church looks into claims that priest showed gay porn to parents <sec> images were on screen at northern ireland grade school during presentation to parents .  irish catholics ' leader says priest had `` inappropriate imagery '' in powerpoint presentation .  church statement : priest `` has stated that he had no knowledge of the offending imagery '' .  archdiocese is investigating , police say no charges planned ; parents say they want actio .
 4 men presumed drowned in idaho reservoir <sec> the men are presumed drowned at american falls reservoir in southeastern idaho .  three men disappear while trying to save a fourth ma .
 bric leaders : imf , world bank has 'legitimacy deficits ' <sec> the leaders of brazil , russia , india and china called for reform of the imf and world bank .  `` the imf and the world bank urgently need to address their legitimacy deficits '' .  the summit was cut short because of the earthquake in qinghai , chin .
 rutgers lets quarterback go after assault charges <sec> new : a second person is arrested .  quarterback philip nelson is dismissed from the rutgers football team .  he was arrested over the weekend and charged with assault .  the assault left a man in critical conditio .
 before nixon was nixon <sec> bob greene says richard nixon 's love letters to wife pat on display at nixon library .  he says these , other exhibits raise more quesions about the controversial , enigmatic figure .  he says boyhood home at the library is cramped ; yet nixon spoke of closeness with family .  greene : nixon library prompts reflection of how a life can go from there to the presidenc .
 report : apple plans to unveil 'smart home ' system <sec> report : apple will join the `` internet of things '' soon .  iphones would synch with lights , appliances , security .  financial times says system will be unveiled at wwdc next mont .
 person held near dallas home of former president george w. bush <sec> the u.s. secret service is investigating the incident .  there is no perceived threat to the former president , police sai .
 vote-buying allegations persist after mexican election <sec> `` we can not accept these results , '' andres manuel lopez obrador says .  he says he plans to file a formal complaint before a tribunal on thursday .  election authorities have said he was the runner-up in last week 's vote .  an electoral tribunal has until september 6 to investigate allegation .
 iran : u.s. will 'definitely suffer ' if it leads strike on syria <sec> opposition group reports 87 dead , including 14 women and 14 children .  hezbollah calls potential u.s. strikes a form of `` organized terrorism '' .  obama continues to press for a military action as a `` moral '' imperative .  british scientists detect sarin in the damascus-area attack , echoing u.s. claim .
 yuvraj singh : <sec> india cricketer yuvraj singh was world cup hero for india in 2011 .  the all-rounder was `` man of the tournament '' but was then diagnosed with cancer .  the 33-year-old famously hit six sixes in an over at twenty20 world cup in 2007 .  cricketer set up foundation after successful treatment and returned to action for india in 201 .
 clinton takes on benghazi critics , warns of more security threats - cnnpolitics.com <sec> secretary of state completes more than five hours of sometimes contentious hearings .  libya wanted to provide security , but lacked the capacity , clinton said .  `` i take responsibility , '' clinton tells senate committee .  clinton 's appearance before congress was delayed due to health issue .
 what killed elvis ? it 's a question at michael jackson 's death trial <sec> aeg live co-ceo promoted last tours of elvis and michael jackson .  jackson lawyers say his experience with elvis should 've prepared him for mj .  aeg 's lawyer works to rehab witness after repeated `` i do n't recall '' answers .  paul gongaware wrote 'smoking gun ' e-mai .
 violent spillover from mexico is focus of house hearing <sec> mexican officials embroiled in increasingly violent clashes with drug cartels .  cartels getting some weapons from stores along the border , congresswoman says .  house hearing focuses on security on the border , preventing spread of violence .  president obama says he 'd consider sending in national guard , but not right no .
 mel gibson 's ex-girlfriend drops domestic violence accusations <sec> new : `` she did this for the sake of the child , '' a source close to grigorieva said .  oksana grigorieva 's lawyer announced the move in court wednesday .  a restraining order against gibson is also lifted , the lawyer says .  gibson and grigorieva are involved in a bitter child custody disput .
 u.s. condemns cuba 's reported arrest of 6 dissidents <sec> the united states and cuba exchanged prisoners two weeks ago .  the move was part of a change in u.s. policy toward the island nation .  dissidents reported several arrests ahead of a planned rally tuesda .
 arsenal hang on to epl lead but rivals manchester city keep up pressure <sec> second half goals help arsenal to 2-0 win over fulham .  victory sees london club hang on to english premier league lead by one point .  manchester city beat cardiff 4-2 to stay close to arsenal in second place .  real madrid join barcelona and atletico madrid at the top of la liga after 5-0 wi .
 alleged rape of 5-year-old spurs protests , reflection in india <sec> indian prime minister says india needs `` vast improvements '' on women 's safety .  the alleged rape of a 5-year-old girl has sparked demonstrations all weekend in india .  the girl is recovering and is in stable condition , doctors say .  this is the latest high-profile alleged rape in india , after a gang rape on a bus in decembe .
 afghan cleric defends controversial marriage law <sec> mohammed asif mohseni is said to be man behind shia state law .  critics say the law strips afghan shia women of rights .  mohseni : `` law ... which i created i see as correct for both men and women '' .  afghan human rights campaigner says law does not represent isla .
 a conversation with china 's young communists <sec> unlike many government-sanctioned shoots , this one was not closely monitored .  young students are the future of the chinese communist party .  youth have been criticized for caring too much about securing good jobs .  analysts say the party runs the risk of having many slogans but little substanc .
 what did terror suspect tell authorities on plane trip to u.s. ? <sec> sulaiman abu ghaith 's statement , given after his arrest , is 22 pages long .  expert says his value comes in assessing status of former al qaeda leaders in iran .  concern is al qaeda could gain power in iran again .  abu graith is charged with conspiracy to kill american .
 new visa to free up travel in world 's largest conservation zone <sec> kaza conservation area spans angola , zambia , zimbabwe , namibia , botswana .  it is home to rhinos , lions and world 's largest population of african elephants .  the five countries are working to make it easier to cross border .
 china executes tiananmen square attackers <sec> china executes 8 people convicted of terrorism .  three were executed for their roles in an attack on tiananmen square in october .  china has cracked down on violence in xinjiang involving uyghur .
 murray stars in great escape <sec> andy murray wins epic five set thriller against fernando verdasco .  world no.1 novak djokovic coasts into semis with a straight sets win over tomas berdych .  serb star won 7-6 6-4 6-2 and will meet juan martin del potro .  del potro overcame knee injury to beat david ferrer 6-2 6-4 7- .
 aleppo university student describes chaos , carnage after blasts <sec> aleppo university dental student describes horrific day trying to help the injured after blasts .  students and activists believe bashar al-assad 's regime targeted campus .  violence had largely escaped the school , which was known for anti-government protests .  two blasts at aleppo university killed at least 87 tuesday , opposition say .
 cairo braces for third day of mubarak trial protests <sec> demonstrators vow to continue protests despite stifling heat in cairo .  prosecutors charge mubarak 's sons with money laundering .  five of mubarak 's aides have been freed ; his sons remain in prison .  hundreds of people gather in tahrir square after mubarak escapes the death penalt .
 what to do if you have the flu <sec> most patients do n't need to go to emergency room , doctor says .  temperature of 103 degrees fahrenheit is normal for flu .  taken early on , antiviral medications can ease symptoms .  seek treatment if vomiting and sweating are excessive , doctor say .
 pass the bowl ... of ice cream ? <sec> ben & jerry 's founders say they like the idea of weed-laced ice cream .  the company says it 's not considering such a flavor , but `` perhaps it 's high time .
 4 big moves google should make in 2012 <sec> google+ going mainstream has to be a primary goal in the new year .  the most sticking criticism of android is its fragmentation problem .  google will continue dominance in its primary services : search , email and cloud .  company should first focus on bumping up the quality and reputation of its conten .
 bieber 's bad behavior : we 've seen it before with other rich , young stars <sec> bieber is one of several rich , young and famous in trouble .  stars including lindsay lohan and chris brown have also faced similar problems .  former child star danny bonaduce says arrest may be a good thin .
 opinion : sochi olympics are ... fabulous ! <sec> sally kohn : the olympic games at sochi have been pretty flamboyant so far .  kohn : despite russia 's anti-gay law , there were many gay-ish moment .
 pm 's sexism rant prompts australian dictionary rewrite <sec> australia 's macquarie dictionary redefines the word 'misogyny ' .  follows debate over its true meaning after prime minister 's speech to parliament .  julia gillard accused the opposition leader of being sexist and a misogynist .  macquarie has amended its definition to include `` entrenched prejudice against women .
 a luxury take on extended stays <sec> these hotels fuel unlimited expense-account fantasies .  the pierre in new york has recently added an extended-stay program .  in paris , la reserve offers deluxe apartments starting at a cool $ 1,988 per nigh .
 judge orders retrial for michael skakel , kennedy cousin <sec> victim 's mother : `` i have not given up '' .  a judge orders a new trial , ruling skakel 's defense was `` constitutionally deficient '' .  robert f. kennedy jr. : `` everybody who knows michael 's overjoyed '' .  prosecutors say they will appeal the judge 's rulin .
 judge postpones rape trial of philadelphia priest , catholic school teacher <sec> new : the sexual abuse trial for a philadelphia priest and a parochial teacher has been postponed .  the trial had been scheduled to start tuesday .  both men are accused of raping an altar boy more than a decade ago .  the alleged victim will be the key witnes .
 wisconsin , florida earn final four berths in ncaa tournament <sec> wisconsin beat arizona 64-63 on saturday night .  several hundred people blocked a road on the university of arizona campu .
 children in a war-torn syrian town hold school in a cave <sec> attacks on schools in syria drive children and teachers into caves .  unesco study : millions of students and teachers globally die in classrooms in war .  expert says schooling children should be a vital part of humanitarian aid .  friday is unesco world teachers ' da .
 at least 7 killed in kabul violence <sec> all five attackers were killed , a spokesman for the afghan interior ministry says .  deaths also included a policeman and a guard , the kabul police chief says .  the incident went on for several hours , authorities sa .
 singer urges fans to stop bullying <sec> singer cody simpson is urging teen fans to stand up to stop bullying .  he gave a free concert to kick off defeat the label campaign .  ken kragen wants students across the u.s. to stand up on may 4 , 201 .
 palestinian move at u.n. wo n't solve anything <sec> palestinian authority president mahmoud abbas seeking nonmember state status at u.n . .  former diplomat aaron miller says the move is like a `` seinfeld '' episode , a show about nothing .  he says it wo n't achieve a breakthrough and also wo n't likely do much harm .  miller : the real story is about what happens on the ground between israel , palestinian .
 turkish minister : bombers had contacts with syria 's secret police <sec> new : the attackers were in touch with syria 's secret police , a turkish minister says .  new : two cars loaded with explosive material were set off in the town of reyhanli .  new : 43 people were killed in the attack , in addition to about 100 people injured .  syrian opposition group : syrians wounded in the blasts , which occurred 15 minutes apar .
 'breaking bad ' : creator gilligan spills on the final eight episodes <sec> it 's almost the end for `` breaking bad . '' .  creator says `` there will be blood '' .  he believes the last episode will satisfy the audienc .
 oxycontin bust nets 56 miami-dade government employees <sec> total of 62 arrested , including police officer , felony court clerk , corrections officers .  officials : recruiters enlisted mostly miami-dade government workers in drug ring .  authorities : health insurance information used to get oxycontin prescriptions .  more than 12,000 tablets were obtained , with a street value of $ 400,00 .
 both sides contest new hearing in controversial montana rape case <sec> new : prosecutors file an emergency petition to stop the hearing .  district judge g. todd baugh has scheduled the hearing for friday .  he says a 30-day sentence he imposed on a teacher who raped his student may be illega .
 doctor turns frustration into big opportunity <sec> kenyan-born said osman is a world-renowned spinal surgeon .  osman is the pioneer behind endoscopic spine surgery .  osman has patents for growing artificial bones and joints .  his career goal is to produce an artificial skeleto .
 reince priebus : jobs report 'good enough for democrats ' <sec> friday 's jobs report showed the unemployment rate was below 6 percent . .  rnc chairman and the speaker of the house both took aim at democrats . .  the white house cheered the numbers : 'our economy has bounced back .
 batista sacked as argentina coach <sec> argentine fa rescinds the contract of national coach sergio batista .  batista sacked after argentina lose in the quarterfinals of the recent copa america .  the 48-year-old replaced former teammate diego maradona after 2010 world cup .  afa also announce changes to the structure of league football in the countr .
 kenneth bae 's mother tells of heartbreak after leaving imprisoned son <sec> myunghee bae says seeing son at a pyongyang hospital was a `` very happy moment '' .  she was granted a five-day visa to north korea and three short visits with kenneth bae .  he was sentenced in may to 15 years of hard labor after being found guilty of `` hostile acts '' .  `` please give him mercy and give him amnesty to send him home , '' mother asks governmen .
 pires gunning for former club arsenal <sec> robert pires believes villarreal can upset arsenal 's champions league dream .  pires ' final game for arsenal came in 2006 champions final loss to barcelona .  arsenal striker robin van persie misses the trip to spain with a groin injur .
 house approves war funding plan <sec> $ 165 billion measure puts no restrictions on war-money bush requested .  measure pays for wars in iraq , afghanistan through early next year .  also attached are unemployment assistance and expanded gi bill .  measure includes more than $ 2 billion to help flood-stricken midwes .
 gibson ceo : les paul was 'a visionary ' <sec> gibson ceo : les paul made frequent recommendations on how to improve guitars .  les pauls were n't particularly popular when introduced .  paul , legendary guitarist and inventor , died thursday at 9 .
 kidnapped chadian kids reunited with their families <sec> nearly 100 children taken by french aid workers reunited with their families .  parents gathered at post office in adre , eastern chad to collect their children .  remaining children from darfur to remain in abeche orphanage in chad .  six zoe 's ark workers were convicted on kidnapping charges in decembe .
 syrian downing of turkish plane condemned ; nato to meet <sec> new : the united states calls shooting down the plane `` a brazen and unacceptable act '' .  nato will meet tuesday under an article dealing with security threats to members .  the military jet is found about 1,300 meters ( 4600 feet ) underwater .  turkey will respond `` decisively , '' foreign minister ahmet davutoglu say .
 # jesuisahmed honors policeman slain in paris attack <sec> ahmed merabet is reportedly a muslim whose parents came from north africa .  the charlie hebdo attackers shot him in the head as he lay wounded in the stree .
 indian pm : 'i have nothing to hide ' in telecom scandal probe <sec> opposition parties have stepped up their attacks on singh .  an audit shows government sold airwaves at under value .  the audit follows massive fraud in sports and real-estat .
 how , where to get away like a star <sec> you can enjoy the same posh places as the stars .  ojai valley inn & spa in california is great for weekend getaway .  learn to samba at fasano in rio de janeiro , brazil .  shop your heart out in villa mangiacane in tuscany , ital .
 neon birds and fluorescent plants ? supernatural jewels <sec> jewelry designer kate rohde creates luminous jewelry out of resin .  rohde is primarily inspired by animals , minerals and `` futuristic glamor '' .  she also creates elaborate sculptures for exhibitio .
 isis has twisted sense of morality ( opinion ) <sec> isis images claim to show gay men being thrown off buildings .  jessica stern : antidote to their bleak worldview will be long-term and hard-wo .
 rafael nadal 's defeat gives novak djokovic hope of year-end no . 1 <sec> world no . .  2 novak djokovic will play david ferrer in sunday 's paris masters final .  djokovic comes from behind to beat roger federer in saturday 's opening semifinal .  atp world tour finalist juan martin del potro is robbed of prized rosary in paris .  italy takes 2-0 lead in fed cup final against under-strength russian women 's tea .
 have a drink on mars <sec> nasa announced on tuesday that ancient mars could have supported living microbes .  jim bell : this is quite literally a watershed moment in the history of solar system exploration .  he says it is the first time that we 've discovered evidence for fresh water on another planet .  bell : curiosity rover is not done with its mission ; it may find even more interesting thing .
 libyan children pay high price for curiosity over weapons <sec> many libyan children have been killed or injured in accidents involving guns and explosives .  mines advisory group and libyan red crescent are among ngos running awareness programs .  more accidents since people have returned to their homes , says mines advisory grou .
