 'zerg rush ' chews up google search results <sec> a google search for `` zerg rush '' spawns an attack of `` o 's '' on the results page .  the term originated in the game `` starcraft , '' in which players can be `` zerg '' aliens .  it has come to mean any instance of being overwhelmed by sheer number .
 japan to hand over detained whaling activists to australia <sec> japan has lodged a protest with the australian government over the boarding .  japan will hand the three activists over to the australian authorities .  the japanese fleet will continue its annual hunt in antarctic waters .  environmental groups clash each year with japan 's whaling vessel .
 when having an mba is important <sec> in a tough economy , an mba can open doors for a new job . .  an mba can get you to a job faster than just having a bachelor 's degree . .  jobs in investment banking or corporate finance may expect an mba . .  an mba can fill in gaps in one 's education .
 alleged libyan rape victim says she lives in constant fear <sec> eman al-obeidy tells cnn she is harassed by authorities , fears retribution and feels defeated .  she says she was raped and beaten by gadhafi 's men .  the world first knew of al-obeidy when she burst into a tripoli hotel housing journalist .
 indian minister says games ' security , maintenance issues tackled <sec> new : home minister says all security issues have been addressed .  india should n't have been awarded the games , australian olympic chief says .  the list of countries that have agreed to compete is growing .  the event is to start on october 3 in new delh .
 passenger lands turboprop plane after pilot dies <sec> passenger doug white commandeers plane after pilot loses consciousness .  white : `` when i touch down ... .  if i ever touch down , do i just kill the throttle ? '' .  craft was carrying white , his wife and two daughters from florida to mississippi .  controllers help him turn off autopilot , land plane : `` the turn looks good , very good sir .
 more lawsuits in unc classes scandal <sec> ex-basketball player joins ex-football player in class-action federal lawsuit ; 2 other athletes sue in state court .  independent investigator found academic fraud at unc dating back 18 years .  whistleblower mary willingham settled , in part , `` to correct the injustice in the ncaa system .
 general approves possible death penalty in fort hood shooting case <sec> maj. nidal hasan is accused of killing 13 people in a 2009 shooting at fort hood .  his lawyer had argued against allowing the death penalty as a possible sentence .  hasan is partially paralyzed after being shot by police responding to the rampag .
 colbert 's run for white house stopped short <sec> colbert not expected to file for the republican party ballot .  south carolina panel met thursday to decide which candidates meet criteria .  two requirements : candidate must be viable nationally , campaign in state .  opponents argued comedian made a mockery of the political proces .
 classic radio flyer wagon updated for 2.0 world <sec> radio flyer , maker of the classic red toy wagon , is creating a high-tech new product .  the cloud 9 wagon has digital controls , speakers and a dock for an mp3 player .  the wagon is still a prototype , developed after extensive market research .  radio flyer 's founder began building wooden toy wagons in 191 .
 3 dead as wintry weather wallops u.s . <sec> major storm hits california ; severe weather bears down on midwest .  all three fatalities happened in weather-related traffic accidents .  parts of midwest could see winds of 30 to 40 mph , visibilities near zer .
 p ! nk addresses weight comments <sec> p ! nk took to twitter to address online comments about her body .  her `` squishiness '' is a result of happiness , she say .
 stranded camper saved from starvation <sec> bear attacked marco lavoie 's campsite , leaving him without tools for survival .  the bear ate his food and ruined his equipment .  police found him near death three months after he began tri .
 kwasi enin , 8 for 8 in ivy league admissions , selects yale <sec> kwasi enin , 17 , considered all eight ivy league schools and picked yale .  yale was `` friendly and inviting , '' he says .  enin was accepted to all ivy league schools and then some .  he plays three instruments , is on the track and field team and acts in play .
 mexican president-elect : economic growth is key weapon in drug war <sec> enrique pena nieto says he wants to create greater north american economic integration .  `` we 've lost presence and competitiveness on the international market , '' he says .  the president-elect says his security strategy will focus on reducing violence .  pena nieto says he is against legalizing drug .
 linda thompson on her relationships with bruce jenner <sec> bruce jenner 's second wife linda thompson says she learned of his `` gender issues '' during their marriage .  she says she can breathe easier now that he can be `` who he authentically is .
 more is not always better in medicine <sec> dr. sanjay gupta : why is it so hard to prevent medical mistakes that kill thousands ? .  he says one theory is that doctors order so many procedures to protect themselves .  each procedure creates a new opportunity for a mistake , he says .  he says `` morbidity and mortality '' meetings give doctors a chance to learn from mistake .
 north korean leader kim jong un misses shrine visit <sec> new : u.s. officials downplay kim 's absence at friday tribute .  kim 's name is missing from a list of attendees at a shrine visit .  the north korean leader was expected to attend the annual ceremony at his father 's shrine .  kim has n't been seen in weeks ; he 'd been expected to attend workers ' party ceremonie .
 study : google leapfrogs apple as most valuable brand <sec> an annual brand survey ranks google no.1 , ahead of apple .  apple had held the top spot for the past three years .  facebook was the second-highest rising brand , shooting to no . .  21 .  researcher says google is perceived as most innovativ .
 aiken triumphs at avantha <sec> thomas aiken won avantha masters in india sunday .  south african takes home winning prize of $ 392,000 .  india 's gaganjeet bhullar finished three shots back in second .  prayad marksaeng won thai open by two stroke .
 a victory for right-to-work laws <sec> on tuesday , michigan became the country 's 24th right-to-work state .  william bennett : powerful unions can stifle private labor competition .  he says with workers no longer obligated to pay dues , union strength declines .  bennett : michigan 's new status might attract new private enterprise to detroi .
 apparently this matters : a half-million gallons of slurpee <sec> `` apparently this matters '' is cnn tech 's skewed weekly look at trending social media topics .  this week , jarrett ponders the broad reach of 7-eleven 's free slurpee day .  the company was prepared to give away 555,000 gallons of the chilly treat .  also ? .  the big gulp is bi .
 ukraine : security forces say they 're preparing assault <sec> separatist militants are thinning on the streets of donetsk .  shelling has already pushed some residents to take shelter underground .  women and children huddled in a basement criticize america .  a fast military advance leaves shattered windows and damaged homes behin .
 family : roller coaster ride became 'nightmare ' <sec> six flags over texas says it 's committed to finding out what caused a woman 's death .  in facebook posts , rosy esparza 's family calls the experience a `` nightmare '' .  authorities say there is no sign of `` foul play or criminality '' .  witnesses tell cnn affiliates that the woman did n't feel safe before the rid .
 instyle picks carrie bradshaw 's 10 best looks <sec> series costume designers field , weinberg and daman talk carrie 's greatest hits .  the tutu carrie tried on in the first film was originally worn in the series ' title sequence .  field 's favorite is the versace gown carrie wore on her first night in pari .
 how to take good instagram photos when you travel <sec> cnn 's jethro mullen gained nearly 800,000 instagram followers .  he shares some tips for improving pics when you travel .  get up high , get lost and use editing tools are just some of his suggestions .  instagram has around 150 million active user .
 suspend aid to egypt , national security team tells obama <sec> the united states provides some $ 1.5 billion in aid to egypt yearly .  some military aid has already been halted .  the review of aid to egypt came after that country 's president was overthrow .
 james holmes faces trial in aurora theater shooting <sec> opening statements are scheduled monday in the trial of james holmes .  jury selection took three months .  holmes faces 165 counts in the movie theater massacre that killed 12 peopl .
 pacquaio , marquez square off for 3rd time in ring <sec> manny pacquiao will fight juan manuel marquez in las vegas .  their first match was a draw , while the filipino won the second on points .  pacquiao has indicated he may finally fight floyd mayweather soo .
 car bomb in syria kills 8 after friday prayers <sec> a car bomb kills 8 , according to opposition officials .  it went off outside a mosque in idlib as people were leaving friday prayers .  well over 100,000 people have died in three-year civil war .  u.n. condemns water cutoffs in alepp .
 camel racing : centuries-old sport with a modern twist <sec> camel racing is a centuries-old tradition in the gulf .  modern technology is changing the sport .  camels compete for thousands of dollars in prize mone .
 afghan anger kept u.s. agents from killing scene <sec> army sgt . .  robert bales is accused of killing 16 afghan villagers .  it took nearly three weeks for u.s. agents to visit the site , an army investigator says .  `` we were fully expecting to be attacked at any time , '' he says .  another investigator testified that steroids were found outside bales ' quarter .
 searching for the 'center ' of america ( opinion ) <sec> photographer benjamin hoste has spent years documenting plato , missouri .  plato was named the `` mean center of population '' for the united state .
 2 u.s. soldiers missing in afghanistan <sec> new : 82nd airborne paratroopers missing in western afghanistan .  new : 25 nato , afghan troops injured during search for pair , nato-led force reports .  soldiers missing since wednesday , military says .  missing soldiers were on routine resupply missio .
 reflections from the front line of tiananmen protests , 25 years on <sec> cnn beijing bureau chief jaime florcruz was a time correspondent in beijing in 1989 .  25 years ago he received a 2 a.m. phone call informing him of a student march on tiananmen .  he followed the students on their march , inspired by the death of a sacked party chief .  he had little notion that what would unfold would shake china and grip the world 's attentio .
 will big bird be downsized ? <sec> mitt romney said he would cut funding to pbs , mentioning big bird by name .  dean obeidallah asks , will big bird be one of the 47 % who believe they are victims ? .  obeidallah says cookie monster is no doubt living paycheck to paycheck .  he asks : should public tv really be romney 's target when it really wo n't save much .
 canadian soldier killed in afghan roadside blast <sec> female soldier killed , four other troops wounded in roadside bombing .  karine blais , 21 , is second canadian female soldier killed in afghanistan .  there have been 117 canadian troop deaths in the afghan wa .
 opening the space frontier , one tourist at a time <sec> space tourism projected to be billion dollar industry by end of next decade .  more than a dozen commercial space ventures operating worldwide .  european aerospace company eads projects 15,000 space travelers by 202 .
 poll : tight louisiana senate race sets stage for runoff <sec> a new cnn poll shows the louisiana senate race is very close .  sen. mary landrieu leads her gop challenger by only three points .  gap is within the poll 's sampling error .  if no candidate gets more than 50 % in november , there 's a runof .
 depeche mode frontman dave gahan gets spiritual <sec> dave gahan is the front man for depeche mode .  he is working with the production team soulsavers .  gahan also is recording his 13th depeche mode albu .
 ryan hunter-reay wins indy 500 ; helio castroneves second <sec> ryan hunter-reay credits team for doing everything right .  finish to 200-lap race was second-closest in indy 500 history .  runner-up and three-time champion helio castroneves says coming in second `` sucks '' .  third place to marco andrett .
 messi goal marks new era for argentina as higuain nets treble <sec> lionel messi scores his first international goal for argentina in 16 games .  gonzalo higuain also nets a hat-trick in 4-1 victory at home to chile .  copa america champions uruguay open world cup campaign with victory .  2014 world cup hosts brazil beat costa rica 1-0 in friendly internationa .
 chrissy teigen leaves twitter after gun control tweet <sec> chrissy teigen has apparently quit twitter after receiving threatening messages .  the messages were in response to a remark she made about gun control .  teigen was known as one of twitter 's more popular user .
 'like ' a smoothie ? facebook to offer gift cards <sec> facebook is adding gift cards to its gifts service for users in the united states .  initial offerings include target , jamba juice , sephora and the olive garden .  when you buy a card on the social network for a friend , a message tells them of the gif .
 utah rocket builder atk joins commercial space race <sec> atk announces plans for rocket to take astronauts to space station .  space x has already been awarded a nasa contract to fly cargo to station .  space x says it can start transporting astronauts to station by 2015 .  each company says its system is nasa 's best bet for crew transpor .
 opinion : will scandals stall obama agenda ? <sec> cnn radio podcast features cnn opinion contributors on top three stories .  they say administration facing scandals , including over ap phone records , irs scrutiny .  rep. keith ellison says he 's `` cautiously optimistic '' legislation can still go forward .  they discuss jolie mastectomy and say her revelation is celebrity leveraged for goo .
 sydney 's hip inner-city scene <sec> sydney exemplifies the art of relaxed cosmopolitanism with its beach options and culture .  new restaurants and hotels are popping up in some oft-overlooked neighborhoods .  the city 's fashionable heart is the corner of oxford street and glenmore roa .
 5 things that have happened since obamacare launched <sec> obamacare was largely unaffected by the government shutdown .  you have to enroll by december 15 in order to start your coverage on january 1 .  healthcare.gov has been having a lot of technical issues .  state sites ' success varied but seemingly did better than the federal sit .
 canadian folk singer died doing something she loved , mother says <sec> taylor mitchell was a `` seasoned naturalist '' versed in wilderness camping , mother says .  she would n't want coyotes responsible for her death to be killed , emily mitchell says .  mitchell earned respect of folk music community for talent that belied her age , producer says .  the toronto-based musician was touring eastern canada when she died in coyote attac .
 obama faces notre dame speech backlash <sec> notre dame student says `` i do not feel comfortable going and celebrating '' obama .  obama to deliver graduation speech at university of notre dame on sunday .  catholic groups have protested the choice in speaker , noting his views .  new poll shows most catholic voters want president to speak at notre dam .
 ronaldo penalty earns clasico draw for 10-man real madrid <sec> barcelona maintain eight-point lead in spain after 1-1 draw away to rivals real madrid .  home team played for most of second half with 10 men after raul albiol 's red card .  lionel messi scores subsequent penalty but cristiano ronaldo levels from the spot .  the two teams will face each other three more times in the next three week .
 obama : new walls need tearing down <sec> u.s. presidential candidate barack obama gives speech in germany .  obama : berlin 's history offers hope for the future .  obama : remove walls between religions , races , and the rich and poor .  trip is intended to shore up obama 's foreign policy credential .
 syria : we 're thwarting militants along iraq border <sec> syrian military says it has arrested many militants trying to get into iraq .  syrian commanders say they could do better without u.s. sanctions .  sanctions prevent military from having modern equipment , syria say .
 iraqi kurdish bloc to boycott vote <sec> a boycott would lead to no quorum , blocking a vote , sunni lawmaker says .  kirkuk was excluded from provincial elections last january .  the issue of open lists versus closed lists on ballots is also contentiou .
 twitter hack raises questions about 'cloud computing ' <sec> a hacker allegedly broke into a twitter administrator 's personal e-mail account .  the hacker stole twitter financial documents and leaked them to several blogs .  web is abuzz with opinions on the hacking 's impact and the ethics of posting the info .  twitter says it is seeking legal counsel on the matte .
 newsquiz : week of september 12 <sec> use the weekly newsquiz to test your knowledge of stories you saw on cnn student news .  write your answers in the space provided .  today 's newsquiz includes the media literacy question of the da .
 outrage over jamie foxx 's bruce jenner joke at awards <sec> `` he 's doing a his-and-her duet all by himself , '' jamie foxx said of bruce jenner .  awards-show joke prompted anger on social media , with some calling it `` disgusting '' .  jenner has n't spoken publicly about rumors he 's transitioning from male to femal .
 alzheimer 's toll may rank with cancer , heart disease <sec> a new study suggests alzheimer 's may be the third-leading u.s. cause of death .  current figures are `` a gross undercount , '' alzheimer 's association says .  the study followed 2,500 patients for 8 years ; 400 died of alzheimer 's .  advocates hope the findings will build support for more researc .
 commentary : americans are not cowards on race <sec> tara wall : eric holder 's remark that we 're a `` nation of cowards '' was wrong .  she says he ignores the millions of votes obama got from white voters .  instead of hope , she says , holder offered anger and resentment .  obama has urged americans to focus on the racial progress that 's occurre .
 thousands protest greek austerity measures <sec> protesters angry about measures aimed at cutting greece 's massive deficit .  strike began at midnight and caused all government-run institutions to shut .  small clashes reported , two petrol bombs thrown at officers in central athens .  austerity measures amount to $ 6.5 billion of cuts and tax increase .
 abbey road crosswalk named historic landmark <sec> millions have imitated the beatles album cover .  the street crossing is the first one ever to get the designation .  it 's near the abbey road studios where the beatles recorded the albu .
 charlie hebdo app : get latest issue on your phone <sec> charlie hebdo releases app in wake of massive demand for latest issue .  controversial french satirical magazine to publish 5 million copies of first issue since attack .  12 people , including top cartoonists , were killed when gunmen stormed charlie hebdo 's office last wee .
 rape rage driving feminism 's 'third wave ' ( opinion ) <sec> nina burleigh : 2014 marked start of feminism 's third wave -- rape victims speaking out .  she says social media , support of men , including president , brought campus rape to fore .  she says cosby , nfl , uva cases show need to erase stigma of women naming attacker .  burleigh : women in '80s sat out feminism ; new wave emboldened to shame predator .
 voters may have sealed astrodome 's fate <sec> voters rejected a proposal to remodel and save the astrodome .  the vote means that the historic stadium is likely to be demolished .  the astrodome had been labeled a national treasur .
