 brain scan may reveal risk for alzheimer 's disease <sec> key structural changes seen in brain scans of some patients with memory loss .  one year later , many patients with brain changes had developed alzheimer 's .  memory-loss patients without these changes were mostly stable one year later .  brain scans could identify who gets alzheimer 's , help with drug testing .  the bottom line : the average person ca n't run out and get an mri that shows if they 're on the road to alzheimer 's just yet . .  but these findings could help drugmakers as well as patients in the future .
 missing girl 's body found in river in northern new england <sec> new : the father of celina cass , 11 , describes her as `` beautiful '' and loving .  new : he says celina told him that her household `` gave her great love '' .  the girl 's body is found in the connecticut river , a n.h. official announces .  she adds that authorities now consider the girl 's death `` suspicious .
 chinese sailors slain in 'gruesome ' mekong river murders <sec> two chinese ships were attacked on the mekong river on october 5 .  china 's foreign ministry says at least 12 sailors were killed in the attack .  china says it 's working with thai authorities to hunt down the criminal .
 what 's the world going to do about isis ? <sec> u.s. airstrikes target isis militants near iraqi capital .  international community will fight isis `` by any means necessary , '' communique says .  the u.s. says nearly 40 nations have agreed to contribute to the fight against the militants .  britain 's role is in focus after an isis video showed the beheading of one of its citizen .
 israeli leader sets stage for elections <sec> netanyahu lays out his gripes with ministers : `` it 's impossible to govern like this '' .  an outgoing minister accuses netanyahu of using threats `` for political means '' .  prime minister orders ouster of finance minister yair lapid , justice minister tzipi livni .  he will also call to dissolve the knesset , paving the way for new election .
 syrian rebels bomb hotel that houses government forces <sec> the islamic front rebel alliance claims responsibility for the attack .  the group says it killed at least 50 regime soldiers .  state-run tv says the syrian army killed scores of terrorists .  well over 100,000 people have been killed in syria 's civil wa .
 nbc news cameraman has ebola , network reports <sec> cameraman is believed to be the fourth american stricken while in liberia .  he will return to the united states for treatment .  the freelance cameraman , 33 , was hired tuesday , the network report .
 twitter campaign highlights poverty in saudi arabia <sec> saudi arabian twitter users have flocked to a campaign bemoaning wages in their country . .  the hashtag became the 16th most popular in any language . .  high unemployment and government spending has fueled resentment in saudi arabia . .  many tweeters shared images and videos of impoverished saudis .
 boston marathon adds 9,000 runners <sec> additional runners will be in 2014 boston marathon .  many were unable to complete race this year .  daffodils meant as symbol of rebirth after bombing .
 nepal earthquake : 'people are panicked ' <sec> massive 7.8 magnitude earthquake has struck nepal near its capital , kathmandu .  as the death toll rises , witnesses describe devastation and pani .
 tbs will air a week of 'seinfeld ' for 25th anniversary <sec> the marathon will run from june 30 to july 5 .  it will be 25 of `` seinfeld 's '' most famous episodes .  episodes will air in two-hour blocks each nigh .
 israeli archaeologists find rare gold coins <sec> new : coins were found by british volunteer ; `` pity that i ca n't take it home , '' she says .  researchers find ancient coins in car park in jerusalem 's city of david .  coins were minted in 7th century and depict byzantine emperor of the era .  they were found in collapsed building being excavated by archaeologist .
 tear gas used on occupy protesters in oakland , california <sec> one protester , a war vet , has his skull fractured by a police projectile , group says .  in oakland , police say they fired tear gas after a crowd hit them with paint .  in atlanta , demonstrators are arrested at woodruff park .  `` it hurts to see america do this to people who want change , '' an atlanta man say .
 founder fernandes stands down in caterham f1 shake-up <sec> cyril abiteboul is appointed team principal at struggling caterham f1 .  frenchman replaces founder tony fernandes as team seeks to improve results .  fernandes to concentrate on producing caterham 's road cars with renault .  caterham second from bottom in f1 constructors ' championship with two races lef .
 libya sends envoy to greece <sec> new : libya 's deputy foreign minister for european affairs meets with the greek prime minister .  new : the envoy is expected to continue talks in turkey and malta , greek officials say .  `` it is clear that the ( libyan ) administration is looking for a solution .
 chemical fire spurs iowa town 's evacuation <sec> new : the evacuation order has been lifted for northwood , iowa , official says .  chemical fire cleared out the iowa town .  firefighters let the blaze burn out .  four people have complained of breathing problem .
 captured : life in an abandoned airport <sec> in 2012 , children turned an empty airport in congo into a makeshift playground .  the airport was unmanned for a day .  photojournalist michael christopher brown used the power vacuum to document the kids at play .  since , a wall has been built , barring locals from using the airpor .
 kenya police hunt for kidnapped english tourist <sec> judith tebbut was abducted , her husband was killed .  the incident took place at a remote safari lodge near somalia .  kenya depends heavily on touris .
 boko haram + isis = marriage from hell <sec> boko haram and isis share an apocalyptic `` end-of-days '' vision , writes tim lister .  boko haram has also begun using isis symbolism in its media productions and operations , he says .  lister : whether there will be a formal alliance between them is still very much open to debat .
 iran nuclear talks : why there 's room to strike a deal <sec> despite areas of mutual interest , securing trust between iran and u.s. wo n't be easy .  iran must be transparent over nuclear program ; u.s. must allow iran access to swift .  ghadar : a partial deal out of talks could bring iran back into global fol .
 nba star bryant in talks over italy move <sec> kobe bryant in talks over a move to italian team virtus bologna .  the nba has been in a state of lockout since july .  the lockout is over the collective bargaining agreement between the teams and players .  bryant 's father joe played in italy for seven year .
 vonn 's injury 'career-delayer , ' not 'career ender ' <sec> lindsey vonn 's dramatic crash tore her acl , mcl and fractured her bone .  recovery could take six to eight months .  vonn vows to do what she can to compete in the olympic .
 a pander war by politicians on vaccines <sec> gloria borger says some gop politicians have pandered to worried parents .  she says they should be following the advice of scientists and strongly endorsing vaccination .
 u.s. mers patient expected to go home soon <sec> the unidentified man is eating well and walking around , officials say .  those who have come in contact with him have tested negative .  more than 400 mers cases have been reported in 12 countries , the cdc say .
 the film school in kenya 's biggest slum <sec> kibera , in nairobi , kenya is one of africa 's biggest urban slums .  a million people live there with limited access to water , electricity and other services .  but the settlement is also home to a film school , giving locals the chance to express themselves .  many go on to careers in the local film and television industr .
 is europe setting up clash between muslims and the west ? <sec> mohammed ayoob : europe took actions that showed muslims not viewed as equal .  he says one was ban on buying iran 's oil as part of sanctions for nuclear enrichment .  other was french senate outlawing denial of armenian genocide ; turkey denies it .  ayoob : many muslims see these as alienating : double standards applied in judgment of the .
 by the numbers : mick jagger <sec> mick jagger has seven children .  only one of his solo albums has gone top 10 .  a species of trilobite -- an extinct fossil arthropod -- was named after jagge .
 5 things to watch at the winter games on sunday <sec> bode miller of team usa is considered a gold medal favorite in men 's downhill .  american jamie anderson and austrian anna grasse will face off in women 's slopestyle .  switzerland 's dario cologna and norway 's petter northug will fight it out in the skiathlo .
 couple provide $ 10 million to keep head start programs open <sec> the government shutdown forced some head start programs to close .  a couple 's $ 10 million donation will reopen the programs in six states .  head start helps low-income children prepare for schoo .
 glenn beck rally plans cause a stir <sec> glenn beck 's `` restoring honor '' rally will be on same day , near spot of `` i have a dream '' speech .  beck says timing is n't deliberate , his event is nonpolitical and it aims to honor american troops .  critics say event dishonors civil rights movement .  the rev . .  al sharpton , other civil rights leaders plan mass rally just a few miles awa .
 power restored to cruise ship hit by engine fire off indonesia <sec> new : propulsion power is restored and the azamara quest is heading for malaysia .  the azamara quest was left adrift 200 miles off indonesia after an engine fire .  all the passengers on board are safe but 5 crew are injured , azamara club cruises says .  the fire broke out after the ship carrying 1,000 people set sail from manila , in the philippine .
 binge-watching makes tv better <sec> aaron riccio : many people are binge-watching tv series , devouring seasons in a sitting .  trend challenges `` appointment '' tv , he says , and providers are adapting .  riccio : lengthy doses place narrative demands on programmers .  as viewers move away from `` appointment '' tv , networks will adapt , improve shows , he say .
 can you catch ebola on a plane ? <sec> ebola-infected air traveler raises concerns for fliers .  thomas eric duncan is the first reported u.s. case .  the deadly disease is spread through the transmission of fluids .  cdc official : it 's unlikely the virus would spread on an airplan .
 houston 's mother , daughter attend private viewing <sec> musical tribute performed at naacp image awards .  aretha franklin speaks of `` heavy hearts '' .  investigators are looking at the singer 's behavior last week .  hotel surveillance video may help in the investigatio .
 international agencies ask for $ 280 million to support iraqi refugees <sec> un agency : more than 190,000 iraqi refugees are in syria , jordan and nearby countries .  commissioner : the burden on host communities and host governments `` is enormous '' .  the agency says children have dropped out of school to work and support their familie .
 bjorn ulvaeus : abba star behind mamma mia <sec> bjorn ulvaeus is half of the songwriting pair behind swedish pop legend abba .  he lives in stockholm , which he describes as being `` dynamic '' and trendy .  ulvaeus thought abba would be forgotten and is `` amazed '' by its popularity .  an abba museum is being planned for stockhol .
 rutgers president 's chief of staff named in age-bias lawsuit <sec> rutgers president robert barchi named gregory jackson as chief of staff in april .  three of jackson 's ex-employees filed age discrimination suit in january .  former career services workers say jackson changed their reviews , demoted them .  university stands by jackson , defends his actions , attorney say .
 passengers stranded after french station struck by lightning <sec> new : report : traffic at austerlitz station resumes .  lightning strikes electrical facility in bretigny-sur-orge , outside paris .  forces closure of austerlitz station in capital .  the station is used by trains leaving for southern france and spai .
 world cup 2022 : no fifa decision on qatar dates until 2014 <sec> fifa `` can not ignore '' the issue of workers ' rights , but qatar says it will act .  blatter : fifa is launching `` a consulting process '' to determine the 2022 qatar dates .  there are fears players and fans could suffer in the searing heat of qatar 's summer .  a qatar ministry says it is taking concrete steps to ensure labor laws are respecte .
 ex-london mayor pays tribute to 'comrade ' hugo chavez <sec> livingstone calls chavez 's death a `` sad loss , '' calls him a `` friend and comrade '' .  ex-mayor of london signed controversial deal for discounted venezuelan fuel in 2007 .  livingstone agreed to advise chavez in exchange for £14 million fuel discount .  ex-mayor : chavez saw struggle between `` corporations and people who get screwed by them .
 major quake strikes off japan , setting off small tsunami <sec> new : only minor injuries were reported .  a one-meter tsunami comes ashore in the northeast prefecture of miyagi .  there is no threat of a widespread tsunami in the pacific , a warning center says .  the 7.3-magnitude quake shook buildings in toky .
 colorado moose attack injures 2 women <sec> the women were walking their dogs when the moose attacked .  jackqueline boron was hospitalized with broken ribs , cuts and bruises .  the sheriff 's office issues a warning on moose encounter .
 witness : oscar pistorius was 'crying , torn apart ' after shooting <sec> pistorius friend says she saw `` blood everywhere '' when she got to his house .  defense witness concedes oscar pistorius did n't say shooting was `` a mistake '' .  the defense is planning to take two more weeks .  pistorius says he mistook his girlfriend for an intruder in the middle of the nigh .
 'the vow ' tops record-breaking weekend with $ 41.7 mil <sec> `` the vow , '' starring rachel mcadams and channing tatum , led the way with $ 41.7 million .  not too far behind was the thriller `` safe house , '' which took in $ 39.3 million .  journey 2 : the mysterious island '' surprised the industry with $ 27.6 millio .
 tropical storm bonnie takes aim at florida , gulf of mexico <sec> louisiana declares emergency as storm approaches .  thad allen orders ships at bp well site to shore .  weather system upgraded to tropical storm .  latest computer models show the storm moving into the gulf of mexic .
 jim rome apologizes for calling marching bands 'dorks ' <sec> cbs sportscaster calls marching band members `` dorks running around '' with instruments .  band nation responses with # marchonrome showing what being in a band means to the .
 china 's piano-playing phenomenon lang lang on revealed <sec> chinese child prodigy lang lang started playing piano at the age of three .  he has performed at the beijing games and china 's 60th anniversary .  watch lang lang collaborate with jazz legend herbie hancoc .
 mindy kaling 's brother : i faked being black <sec> vijay chokal-ingam says he pretended to be black to get into medical school .  he says the experience showed him that affirmative action is a flawed syste .
 obama to send envoy to north korea <sec> united states careful to describe bosworth trip as only limited diplomatic foray .  in recent weeks north korea has sought direct talks with the united states .  envoy bosworth 's trip to north korea slated for december 8 .  trip could lead to new negotiations and move six-party talks away from standstil .
 opinion : can ukraine sustain fragile peace ? <sec> ukraine 's president and opposition have reached a deal to end violence .  it 's fragile , says steven pifer , but it is the best deal available to ukraine right now .  the deal restores the 2004 constitution and calls for a new unity government .  pifer : russia may undermine the deal , but the u.s. and eu must work to bolster i .
 court slows epa on emissions , but largely backs rules <sec> obama administration authority to tighten pollution standards limited .  epa can not extend its complete authority on new or expanded power plants .  industry had objected , saying new rules were a slippery slope .  but epa does not see ruling as a negative , says it reaffirms its policies mostl .
 opposing sides rally in transit shooting case <sec> new : police lt. says crowds were vocal but orderly .  no arrests as opposing groups demonstrate over transit killing .  groups demonstrate about a transit officer who shot and killed an unarmed black man .  officer was found guilty of involuntary manslaughter in the shooting of oscar gran .
 opinion : gop to first lady : let them eat ... whatever <sec> donna brazile says republicans want to undo michelle obama 's gains in healthy lunches .  house bill would grant waivers , allow potatoes to be considered as `` qualified '' vegetable .  brazile : frozen food , agribusiness want to whittle away at healthy lunch program .
 payday advances without the loan-sharking <sec> new service lets workers access pay they 've already earned , before payday .  instead of charging fees or interest activehours allows users to pay what they want .  the service is only available to hourly worker .
 madoff 's finance chief pleads guilty to fraud , other charges <sec> new : judge denies bail for frank dipascali , despite deal he had with prosecutors .  dipascali , bernie madoff 's fiance chief , pleads guilty to securities fraud .  madoff was sentenced to prison this year for orchestrating ponzi scheme .  dipascali admits to creating false statements with historical stock price .
 muhammad yunus , microfinance pioneer , accused of tax irregularities <sec> the bangladeshi government accuses muhammad yunus of tax irregularities .  improper tax exemptions on about $ 6.4 million among the allegations .  yunus , who won the nobel prize in 2006 , says he paid all taxes as required .  the government forced yunus to retire from his grameen bank in 201 .
 mcdonald 's employee charged in happy meal heroin bust <sec> a mcdonald 's worker in pittsburgh sold heroin at the drive-through , authorities say .  customers would receive the drug in happy meal boxes , a criminal complaint says .  shantia dennis is charged with possession , criminal use of a communication facilit .
 michael jackson 's pain was real , doctor testifies <sec> jackson had a stash of propofol in his neverland bedroom , doctor testifies .  bedtime stories , xanax could n't put michael to sleep , he says .  doctor saw no signs jackson was addicted to painkillers in 2002 .  wrongful death trial nears an end after more than four months of testimon .
 bill gates : where to put the smart money to end aids <sec> bill gates : within a decade , we have seen huge progress in the fight against aids .  gates : on world aids day , let 's reaffirm our commitment to ending this epidemic .  he says we should support the global fund , which has helped save nearly 9 million lives .  gates : global fund replenishment will aim to raise funding for next three year .
 romney 's vp candidates face 'intimate examination ' <sec> those considered as a potential vice president face a thorough examination .  the intense vetting is necessary because a vp pick represents a candidate 's first big decision .  john mccain 's vetting chief said he asked questions he `` would not dream of '' any other time .  candidates being vetted face scrutiny of almost every facet of their lif .
 mandela charity trustee resigns over campbell diamonds <sec> jeremy ractliffe held on to diamonds given to him by naomi campbell .  the diamonds allegedly came from former liberian president charles taylor .  he handed the diamonds to police earlier this mont .
 manchester city 's yaya toure named african footballer of the year <sec> manchester city 's yaya toure is named african footballer of the year .  it is the third time in a row the ivory coast midfielder has landed the title .  toure beat chelsea 's john obi mikel and galatasaray 's didier drogba to crown .  real madrid beat osasuna 2-0 in first leg of their spanish cup fifth roun .
 rock star 's ex-wife recalls 'panic ' in mumbai <sec> manuela testolini says colleague saw man killed outside restaurant .  prince 's ex-wife says gunmen pursued her , diners as they fled .  nearby , cnn employee hid from gunfire under bed at taj .  yasmin wong ran past bodies in hotel 's halls as she sought exi .
 hurricane ida moves into u.s. gulf coast <sec> louisiana governor declares emergency after watch issued for parts of gulf coast .  ida expected to weaken before it reaches u.s. , but could bring heavy rain .  heavy rains expected in parts of the southeast this week because of ida .  national weather service : 91 deaths in el salvador due to separate system , not id .
