 obama will challenge congress in ambitious state of the union <sec> white house admits some plans announced last year have n't been carried out .  president rejects idea `` nothing can get done in an election year , '' white house says .  some plans are likely dead on arrival in congress , republican national committee say .
 2013 stories that got women talking , from miley to 'camp gyno ' <sec> our list consists of stories that resonated strongly with readers on cnn.com and social media .  miley cyrus , sheryl sandberg , marissa mayer among women who sparked passionate debate .  viral videos on beauty and a girl 's first period also got our attention this year .  inspiring moments include teen 's version of katy perry 's `` roar '' video and batki .
 apartment residents told former imf chief staying just a few days <sec> new : apartment residents receive e-mail on temporary guest .  strauss-kahn is staying in a new york apartment after leaving rikers island jail .  source : strauss-kahn is paying for a security guard to monitor him around the clock .  the imf says it will try to select a new managing director by june 3 .
 risk of disease grows as flooding deaths increase in brazil <sec> new : forecasters say more flooding and landslides could hit sao paulo state .  at least 631 deaths are reported in rio de janeiro state .  officials warn of the risk of waterborne diseases .  troops arrive to help rescue those who are trappe .
 43 philippine police killed by muslim rebels <sec> 43 police commandos are killed in a firefight with muslim rebels in southern philippines .  police were hunting bomb makers allegedly connected to islamist terror groups .  police believe their main target was killed , but the other may have fle .
 'eagle dad ' pushes son to sail solo , pilot plane by age 6 <sec> duoduo piloted a plane and started an investment company by age 6 .  his dad also made him stand outside in freezing cold wearing just underwear and shoes .  `` like an eagle , i push my child to the limit so he can learn how to fly , '' his father said .  `` if a child does not go through hardship , then he can not become strong .
 obama 's year-end message : north korea , cuba and congress - cnnpolitics.com <sec> president barack obama said sony `` made a mistake '' canceling its movie release .  obama called on congress to end the cuba embargo .  obama said he might be able to work with congressional republicans on tax reforms and trade .  the news conference came just hours before the obama family departs for vacation in hawai .
 'imitation of life ' actress juanita moore dies at 99 <sec> moore was nominated for a best supporting actress oscar in 1960 for `` imitation of life '' .  she played a housekeeper whose daughter passed for white .  she worked until her last days , preparing for a stage reading this month , grandson say .
 secret service changes its rules after scandal <sec> family friend questions the allegations .  sources identify the secret service agent at the center of the scandal .  agent is arthur huntington ; he has since left the agency .  secret service issues new rules to agent .
 cnn student news transcript - april 20 , 2012 <sec> the daily transcript is a written version of each day 's cnn student news program .  use this transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary .  use the weekly newsquiz to test your knowledge of stories you saw on cnn student new .
 staying out in the cold : olympic killjoys ? <sec> as london 2012 comes to a close , not everyone has fallen under the olympic spell .  singer morrissey criticized the `` blustering jingoism '' of games .  east london residents moved from their homes , others gone to jail .  promise of economic boom largely unfulfille .
 on the streets of bangkok , uncertain residents prepare for the worst <sec> worst floods in decades could hit bangkok residents in a matter of days .  many restaurants , shops and homes in the city have already been flooded .  some are using facebook and twitter to organize supply drives and fundraising event .
 how facebook ( briefly ) killed the internet <sec> facebook error causes other sites to crash for users .  the problem , with facebook 's log-in tool , last about 10 minutes .  cnn , mashable , huffington post , hulu , pinterest among the sites impacte .
 matthew modine on his cuban missile crisis documentary <sec> a new documentary provides viewers with a look at the cuban missile crisis .  actor matthew modine narrates `` clouds over cuba '' .  modine : documentary is important `` because it enlightens a contemporary audience .
 south korean singer swims into island dispute with japan <sec> south korean singer kim jang-hoon leading dozens of swimmers to dokdo or takeshima .  the rocky islets are at the center of a territorial dispute between south korea and japan .  swimmers will arrive wednesday , on the 67th anniversary of korean independence .  follows president lee 's visit to the islands friday , prompting angry response from japa .
 opinion : 4 reasons why syria is not like iraq <sec> gayle tzemach lemmon : president had to explain to the public what a syria strike is not .  lemmon : past decade has left america exhausted , unwilling to enter another battle .  she says intervening in syria conflict would be different from going to war in iraq .  lemmon : if u.s. takes no action , extremism may rise and refugee crisis may worse .
 gulf coast beaches update <sec> no-swimming notice withdrawn for destin , florida , beaches .  oil affects sections of pensacola beach and perdido key beaches in florida .  some waters closed to swimming because of emulsified oil along the shoreline .  health officials have issued advisory against swimming in alabama gulf water .
 weight loss success : 'sumo wrestler ' to distance runner <sec> at 270 pounds , yusuke kirimoto 's weight was straining him physically and emotionally .  he restricted his diet , cutting out sugars and carbohydrates .  by incorporating runs into his workouts , he was able to lose 102 pound .
 arrest made in philadelphia attempted abduction <sec> new : carlos figueroa-fagot is charged with a series of felony and misdemeanor counts .  new : police credit the little brother 's screams for breaking up the abduction attempt .  fagot turned himself in after police released surveillance video showing the attack .  the video shows a man fleeing after letting go of the 10-year-old girl he had grabbe .
 ebola virus has killed more than 1,900 , officials say <sec> more than 3,500 people are infected , and more than 1,900 have died , who says .  international response to `` global crisis '' inadequate , medecins sans frontieres says .  a nurse from the uk who had been infected leaves the hospita .
 inter close the gap on leaders ac milan <sec> inter milan move within two points of their city rivals ac milan in italy 's serie a .  inter beat lecce 1-0 on sunday after milan lost 1-0 to palermo the day before .  napoli can reclaim third and be three points off lead by beating cagliari in late match .  francesco totti passes 200 serie a goals with double in roma 's 2-2 draw at fiorentin .
 florida : drywall has material that can emit corrosive gas <sec> toxicologist : months of more investigating needed before determining health threat .  florida health department : tests show strontium sulfide in chinese drywall .  strontium sulfide is corrosive , can cause health problems , federal agencies say .  homeowners : smelly gas from drywall corroding metal , ruining appliance .
 prince william : i dream of africa <sec> dreaming of africa is one way prince william escapes from stresses he faces as future king of britain .  in africa , `` i can let ... that sort of slightly immature , silly person come out a bit more , '' he says .  he says his mother , diana , is never far from his thoughts . .  `` it 's about helping the needy and vulnerable '' .  personal connection with africa was sealed when he got engaged to kate middleton in kenya in 201 .
 obama wants high-speed internet in schools by 2018 <sec> president obama will call for high-speed internet access in nearly all schools .  obama wants 99 % of schools with wifi or broadband by 2018 .  white house says fast web is crucial to competitivenes .
 unhappy djokovic not a fan of madrid 's blue clay revolution <sec> novak djokovic unhappy with madrid 's blue clay surface after second-round win .  world no . .  1 beats daniel gimeno-traver 6-2 3-6 6-2 but criticizes surface .  tomas berdych and juan martin del potro also enjoy victories in spanish capital .  top two seeds victoria azarenka and maria sharapova victorious in women 's dra .
 tech companies jockey to seem the most transparent <sec> big internet companies are tripping over themselves to bolster their public image .  apple , facebook , google and others deny giving the nsa access to their servers .  the tech companies have released aggregate numbers of total u.s. data requests .  but the disclosures skirt around the central issue of the nsa-snooping controvers .
 royal pardon for saudi journalist sentenced to lashes <sec> saudi king overturns journalist 's sentence of 60 lashes , two-year travel ban .  female journalist worked on controversial tv show on sexual taboos .  saudi man was sentenced to five years in jail , 1,000 lashes for his role in show .  human rights watch.calls on king abdullah to overturn that sentence to .
 peacekeeping staff kidnapped in darfur <sec> united nations estimates 300,000 people have been killed in the conflict in darfur .  force began operations in darfur in december 2007 , expected to remain till 2010 .  violence erupted in 2003 after rebels began uprising against sudanese governmen .
 bobbi kristina brown moved to new hospital <sec> bobby brown 's lawyer says he 's investigating `` events that led to the hospitalization '' .  he also says bobbi kristina brown was never married to nick gordo .
 british press fears wave of terrorism <sec> photos of burning cars and burned bombers splashed across uk press .  newspapers say they fear a `` new wave '' of car bombings and terrorism .  former british prime minister tony blair attacks `` absurd '' british islamist .
 world cup : team usa advances despite germany defeat <sec> team usa qualify for last 16 despite 1-0 defeat by germany .  thomas muller 's fourth goal of the tournament seals victory .  portugal defeats ghana 2-1 to finish third .  germany wins group with usa second on goal differenc .
 missouri man accused of exposing 300-plus to hiv <sec> david mangum told police he has been hiv-positive since 2003 .  since then , he had 300-plus unprotected sexual encounters , he told investigators .  he could face up to 15 years in prison on the charg .
 somalia cyclone sweeps livestock , homes into ocean ; at least 115 dead <sec> `` the number of people killed will go up , '' government spokesman says .  the cyclone triggers days of heavy rains and flash floods .  bridges toppled in puntland region , home of famed pirate hub of ey .
 nelson mandela 's impact on american activism , politics and pop culture <sec> president obama ordered flags lowered to half-staff in memory of nelson mandela .  mandela loomed large over american activists and politicians .  his plight has been repeatedly depicted by hollywoo .
 yale killing suspect admits murder , gets 44 years <sec> new : raymond clark iii accepts that his semen and dna were found at the crime scene .  he admits murder and attempted sexual assault under a plea agreement .  yale graduate student annie le 's body was found inside a wall at a yale lab building .  le was set to be married the day her body was foun .
 official : customs , border agents to check foreign student visas <sec> new : two u.s. lawmakers demand answers about their status .  new : rep. mccaul says it shows a `` serious hole '' in national security .  dhs orders the verification of foreign student visas .  two friends of the boston bombing suspect reportedly overstayed their visa .
 bungalow eight 's maithili ahluwalia : fashion power player <sec> maithili ahluwalia is the founder of bungalow eight , a mumbai fashion and design concept store .  she had previously worked as a strategy consultant in new york .  her store counts stars like madonna and hilary swank as customer .
 cnn student news transcript - march 16 , 2012 <sec> the daily transcript is a written version of each day 's cnn student news program .  use this transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary .  use the weekly newsquiz to test your knowledge of stories you saw on cnn student new .
 no threats before movie theater shooting , widow says <sec> chad oulson 's widow , nicole olson , says her husband did not threaten suspect .  `` the gunshot wound to my finger is the least of my worries right now , '' she tells abc .  suspect told police he was hit by an `` unknown object '' before shooting oulson .  it should n't matter what was thrown at reeves , nicole oulsen 's attorney told cn .
 pope francis begins mending the schism with orthodox christians <sec> pope francis pushes for reunification with orthodox christians .  pontiff to meet with youths before departing .  during visit , francis calls for religious freedom and tolerance to counter extremism .  pope : fanaticism and fundamentalism need to be countered by those of fait .
 report on handling h1n1 cases : use masks with airtight seals <sec> panel recommends health care workers wear n95 respirators for h1n1 patients .  n95 respirators form an airtight seal around the nose and mouth .  they filter out at least 95 percent of particles as small as 0.3 micrometers .  report says it is not known to what extent flu viruses spread through the ai .
 how to dissect a body on your iphone <sec> `` anatomy lab '' iphone app allows users to dissect a virtual cadaver .  researchers say app is aimed at medical and anatomy students .  the app has so far sold more than 3,000 copies , and is a hit with doctors to .
 china 's young talent : to stay or to go ? <sec> despite china 's rapid economic growth , some desire life abroad .  some say opaque power transition adding more uncertainty to the country .  1.5 million chinese are studying overseas , making it the largest group of foreign students in world .  chinese who live overseas and return are called `` sea turtles .
 attorney : zimmerman , family will struggle to secure bond <sec> new : defense attorney says family faces challenges in arranging bond .  a judge orders $ 1 million bond for george zimmerman .  prosecutors say zimmerman ca n't be trusted .  zimmerman 's initial bond was revoked after he and his wife failed to disclose contribution .
 feds warn of counterfeit airbags being installed as replacements <sec> counterfeit airbags have been sold as replacements for u.s. cars .  in tests , fake bags failed to work , and one even exploded , authorities say .  only a small fraction of cars have the bad bags , officials sa .
 south africa : following nelson mandela <sec> nelson mandela was released from prison after 27 years on february 11 , 1990 .  his struggle against apartheid in south africa is marked by many historic sites .  robben island , where mandela was imprisoned , is one of south africa 's top tourist destination .
 court hears 9/11 conspirator 's appeal for new trial <sec> defense lawyers say 9/11 conspirator lacked key info to defend himself .  zacarias moussaoui sentenced to life in connection with september 11 attacks .  prosecutors say moussaoui 's guilty plea came voluntarily .  legal analysts believe appeal stands little chance of succes .
 opinion : women of nigeria stand up to terror <sec> frida ghitis : women of nigeria got the world to pay attention to mass kidnapping of girls .  ghitis : women endure the brunt of the worst aspects of repression and exploitation .  but women in many repressive countries are fighting back against injustice , she says .  ghitis : pushback from women 's groups combined with social media gets result .
 pit-lane pioneers : women in formula one <sec> britain 's divina galica is one of only five women to have entered an f1 grand prix .  prior to moving into motorsport , galica was a winter olympic skier .  galica made her f1 bow at the 1976 british gp , but never qualified for a race .  italy 's lella lombardi is the only one woman to have scored a formula one poin .
 hurricane sandy 's 'blessing ' : colorful sea glass treasures wash ashore <sec> sea glass , scarce before hurricane sandy , makes resurgence in new jersey .  in southern part of state , cape may `` diamonds '' from delaware river wash up .  governor says all beaches , boardwalks open after 10 months of repai .
 olympics day 5 sees scandal , joy , world records and controversy <sec> americans win eighth gold medal in swimming .  man killed when bicycle collides with olympic bus .  eight badminton players are disqualified for not trying to win .  cyclist bradley wiggins takes gold , becoming britain 's most decorated olympia .
 army aims to bring bergdahl in for a 'safe landing ' <sec> sgt . .  bowe bergdahl is recovering at a medical center after his release from taliban .  army reintegration program puts a focus on routine .  goal is to give him `` the opportunity to make more and more decisions on his own .
 'sound of music ' actress eleanor parker dead at 91 <sec> eleanor parker was a big screen leading lady during the 1940s .  parker was nominated for best actress oscars three times in the 1950s .  she played the baroness who wanted to send the von trapp children to a boarding schoo .
 indonesia welcomes rare baby rhino <sec> sumatran rhino born in indonesia , the fifth known to have been born in captivity ever .  indonesia is now the third country to have successfully bred the species in captivity .  less than 200 sumatran rhinos remain in the world , making it the most endangered of all rhino specie .
 fishhooks pierce eyes , tummies of pelicans in texas <sec> so many fishhook impalings are a record of sorts for wildlife activist in texas .  each bird usually has multiple hooks piercing its body .  veterinary personnel are working around the clock , taking hooks from eyes , abdomens .  winter drives the birds ashore and to fishing boats , but this is unusual , activist say .
 fbi arrests birmingham , alabama , mayor <sec> larry langford engaged in fraud , bribery , indictment says .  investment banker and lobbyist also named in indictment .  prosecutor describes `` web of financing agreements '' among the three .  langford attorney says he told langford not to talk to media and `` he 's got a city to run .
 egypt 's trial for al jazeera journalists adjourned till march 24 <sec> `` what we saw in court today was ridiculous , '' brother of one accused journalist says .  trial of al jazeera english journalists accused of terrorist activity adjourned till late march .  lead investigator declines to answer questions , says he ca n't divulge secret source .  trial has drawn international condemnation from human rights group .
 it 's facebook vs. princeton in study smackdown <sec> facebook pokes fun at princeton university over controversial social media study .  princeton study suggested facebook could lose 80 % of its users by 2017 .  facebook : research shows princeton will run out of students by 2021 .  observer : `` you come at the king of social media , you best not miss .
 getting dressed for the oscars <sec> behind the scenes , stylists help celebrities prepare for award shows .  stylist nicole chavez says oscar dresses can be worth `` tens of thousands of dollars '' .  after the show , dresses are typically returned , kept by the wearer or auctioned for charit .
 london commuters battle subway strike <sec> london transport system crippled as tube workers go on strike .  normal service not due to resume until friday morning .  buses crammed with commuters ; many chose to cycle , walk to work .  rmt trade union called strike in dispute over pay , job cuts , disciplinary issue .
 judge rejects gag order in zimmerman case <sec> the judge has denied a prosecution 's motion for a gag order .  he noted the court could reconsider if attorneys in the case say anything prejudicial .  neighborhood watch volunteer george zimmerman is accused of wrongly killing trayvon marti .
 report : irish state sent thousands of women to infamous workhouses <sec> about 10,000 women were sent to work in the magdalen laundries , a report finds .  more than a quarter were referred there by the irish state , it finds .  advocacy groups say the women were seriously abused and deserve compensation .  the report finds conditions were `` harsh and physically demanding '' but not abusiv .
 we need more joe bidens <sec> dean obeidallah : joe biden displayed full range of emotions , expressions in debate .  he says biden is one of the few authentic personalities in our political world .  obeidallah : we should encourage candidates to show us who they really ar .
 delaware pediatrician accused of sexually abusing patients <sec> dr. earl bradley faces 471 counts in the alleged abuse of 103 children .  indictment is based on `` video and digital evidence , '' official says .  doctor also has licenses in pennsylvania , new jersey , florid .
