 ex-england cricketer on drug smuggling charge <sec> four kilos of cocaine worth $ 350,000 seized at gatwick airport .  officials : drugs were in a liquid form hidden in fruit tins in luggage .  chris lewis played cricket for england during the 1990 .
 snowden on the run , seeks asylum in ecuador <sec> new : justice says it 's `` disappointed '' in hong kong 's refusal to arrest snowden .  snowden faces `` the rest of his life on the run , '' columnist says .  the united states has yanked snowden 's passport and asks countries to turn him away .  he `` betrayed the trust and confidence '' of the nsa , director say .
 in south sudan , a town simmers amid unrest <sec> a decision to switch a local government headquarters stirs anger .  several thousands fled to safety at a u.n. base .  south sudan is the world 's newest countr .
 where singles go to play all sorts of games <sec> playdate offers fun alternative to nightlife scene with board games , video games .  timeless entertainment concepts runs playdate , paint by numbers .  playdate offers hula-hoops , musical chairs , scrabble , jenga , pictionary .  to `` not be an adult for one night '' is kind of fun , participant say .
 iran accepts draft nuke deal 'in principle ' <sec> iranian nuclear envoy : iran accepts uranium processing draft deal `` in principle '' .  three days of talks on iran 's nuclear program wrap up in vienna .  iaea chief says draft deal is `` balanced approach to the problem '' .  tehran insists its nuclear program is for peaceful purpose .
 james brady made people talk about guns ( opinion ) <sec> carolyn mccarthy : like james brady , her life had `` before '' and `` after '' a shooting tragedy .  she lost her husband , and son injured ; brady was gravely wounded by would-be assassin .  she says jim and sarah brady 's anti-gun violence efforts have made huge mark in u.s . .  mccarthy : brady funny , brave , supportive . .  his legacy is brady law , which has saved live .
 how to be a holiday superhero to the geek in your life <sec> shop for geeks by going niche ; a little homework will go a long way .  do n't be afraid to go into a comic book store -- you 'll find helpful service there .  geeks are not one-size-fits-all ; not every space fan loves `` star wars .
 obama 's election redraws america 's electoral divide <sec> new : obama claims indiana , 349-163 electoral vote advantage .  barack obama scores wins with women , african-americans , young voters .  obama to voters : `` change has come to america '' .  obama will be working with heavily democratic congres .
 panetta warns of degraded military readiness from spending cuts <sec> gop legislators propose alternate spending cuts to sequestration .  defense secretary panetta says political partisanship threatens u.s. stability .  `` this is not a game . .  this is reality , '' panetta says of reduced readiness .  the across-the-board cuts will take effect march 1 unless congress act .
 give a child a camera and save the world <sec> 100cameras travels to areas in need to teach photography to children .  the photos children take are posted online for sale to benefit their organizations .  the nonprofit has traveled to sudan , cuba and new york , will be going to india later this yea .
 oil spill probe finds no 'conscious decision ' to cut corners <sec> new : bp does n't `` exactly agree '' with the findings , a company executive says .  new : congressman says bp has a long history of `` pushing the limits '' .  drill crews were under `` compulsion '' to complete the well , co-chairman says .  no evidence has been found that managers chose `` to favor dollars over safety .
 six nations : ireland snatch title as brian o'driscoll retires on a high <sec> brian o'driscoll bows out of international rugby as ireland wins six nations title .  saturday 's 22-20 victory in france ends england 's hopes of snatching the crown .  the english finish second on differential after beating italy 52-11 in rome .  wales in third place above france after thrashing scotland 51-3 in cardif .
 yelena isinbayeva ignites world championships with pole vault gold <sec> yelena isinbayeva wins women 's pole vault at world championships .  first global success for russian since 2008 olympics .  lashawn merritt takes men 's 400m gold with storming run .  aman breaks ethiopian gold drought with 800m wi .
 alarm as dolls get breast implants in 'miss bimbo ' game <sec> young girls can buy their virtual dolls breast implants on miss bimbo web site .  girls compete to become the `` hottest , coolest , most famous bimbo '' .  site is popular among girls aged 7 to 17 years ol .
 afghan police question school workers over poisoning <sec> at least 171 afghan girls and female teachers were admitted to a local hospital .  their drinking water had been poisoned , health officials say .  officials blame extremists opposed to women 's education .  in 2010 , more than 100 schoolgirls and teachers were sickened in similar poisoning .
 after copenhagen : hope for the future <sec> climate change expert mark lynas was at cop15 summit .  calls the event a 'near disaster ' saying agreement mainly blocked by china .  remains optimistic that climate change can be tackled .  says focus should be on opportunity sharing rather than burden sharin .
 jazz trumpeter freddie hubbard dies <sec> grammy-winning trumpeter long fought heart disease , spokesman says .  hubbard played with major jazz figures including art blakey and herbie hancock .  hubbard was named a national endowment for the arts jazz master in 200 .
 crossing racial lines : meeting friends they never had <sec> students from former segregated schools of 1959 unite in macon , georgia .  `` i never dreamed of this moment , '' says ruby dean dupree mayes .  michael cass : `` i 'm glad we 've left the past behind '' .  the group hopes to set example for elders of other southern citie .
 richard still the criminal king <sec> dan jones : richard iii 's remains found ; some see chance to redeem his bad reputation .  jones says the bones reveal and confirm his appearance , how he died and his injuries .  nothing changes his rep as a usurper of the crown who likely had nephews killed , jones says .  jones : richard good or bad ? .  truth likely somewhere in betwee .
 schumacher denies retirement rumors <sec> michael schumacher denies reports he is planning to retire from formula one .  the seven-times world champion has struggled in his mercedes car this year .  but the 42-year-old has confirmed he will be driving for the german team in 201 .
 philadelphia man charged over phony flight threat <sec> kenneth w. smith jr. has been arrested and could face up to 10 years in prison .  he 's accused of `` engaging in conduct with intent to convey false and misleading information '' .  he allegedly reported a false threat in a thursday morning phone call to police .  airport spokesman says target of the threat was arrested for unrelated outstanding warrant .
 karzai condemns photos of u.s. troops with insurgents ' bodies <sec> president hamid karzai : `` it is such a disgusting act to take photos with body parts '' .  afghan president calls for an accelerated transition of security duties to afghan forces .  photos show u.s. soldiers posing with the bodies of suspected afghan insurgents .  the u.s. military is investigating the inciden .
 u.s. navy rescues saudi pilots after ejection from f-15 <sec> the plane suffers mechanical failure , and the pilots eject .  u.s. navy ship searches for them , and a helicopter picks them u .
 bullied canadian teen leaves behind chilling youtube video <sec> the video she shot before her death has attracted the attention of many .  a facebook page has been set up with thousands commenting .  the premier of british columbia issued a stern warning against bullyin .
 red flags raised quickly , but too late to save 2 cops <sec> police say shaneka thompson 's condition is improving .  her ex-boyfriend shot her , then killed two new york police officers .  baltimore county police sent a warning to the new york police department about him .  while a notification was going out , police say , brinsley ambushed two officer .
 ghani is new president of afghanistan , official says <sec> new : `` the new government will face serious challenges , '' u.n. chief says .  state dept . .  : audit found `` significant '' fraud , but results legitimate .  abdullah and ghani agreed to national unity government earlier in day .  the deal comes after months of dispute between the two candidate .
 how will the u.s. shutdown impact on tourists and travelers ? <sec> all 401 u.s. national park service sites are set to close .  essential air traffic and security measures will be maintained .  passports and visas should continue to be processed .  some passport approvals could be impacted if offices are located in certain office .
 doobie brothers ' michael hossack dead at 65 <sec> michael hossack lost his battle with cancer on monday . .  he was 65 .  hossack was the drummer for the doobie brothers between 1971 and 1973 .  hossack returned to the band in 1987 and was a mainstay until 201 .
 melissa mccarthy sheds some weight <sec> melissa mccarthy has reportedly lost 45 pounds .  the `` mike & molly '' star said she 's aware of criticism about her weight .  reports say mccarthy is following a high-protein , low-carb die .
 power play : can rocket man raonic rise to the top ? <sec> big-serving milos raonic has become the highest-ranked canadian tennis player .  he went on a nine-match winning streak to claim first title after meeting pete sampras .  the 20-year-old has been tipped for the top by mardy fish and andy roddick .  raonic moved to canada from his native montenegro at the age of thre .
 photojournalism pioneer eve arnold dies at 99 <sec> eve arnold was born in 1912 in philadelphia , the child of russian immigrants .  she was the first woman to become a full member of magnum photos , in 1957 .  she is perhaps best known for portraits of marilyn monroe and marlene dietrich .  her photojournalism projects around the world won her acclai .
 seven states sue government over contraceptives mandate <sec> new : religious freedom is the underlying issue , texas attorney general says .  the issue has become a political flashpoint in a presidential election year .  the lawsuit accuses the government of violating the first amendment .  the obama administration adjusted its policy in an attempt at compromis .
 judge to supreme court : 'stfu ' - cnnpolitics.com <sec> federal judge richard kopf wrote a choice expression in his blog .  he was responding to last week 's hobby lobby decision on obamacare and birth control .  this is n't the first time kopf has fired off prococative commentary onlin .
 24 hours at the atlanta airport <sec> team of 30-plus cnn journalists descends on world 's busiest airport .  follow along by searching hashtag # atl24 on twitter or instagram .  cnn explores areas and people that few travelers see in an airpor .
 'naked golfer ' leaves tiger in the shade <sec> henrik stenson creates a stir with 'striptease ' at top tournament in florida .  swedish star strips down to the bare essentials to play his ball out of the mud .  tactic works as he saves at least a shot and cards a three-under 6 .
 center-left claims victory in iceland <sec> center-left secures re-election in icelandic vote triggered by financial crisis .  johanna sigurdardottir , world 's first openly gay premier , set to continue as pm .  iceland in turmoil since currency , stock market , leading banks crashed last yea .
 white house : soldier to receive medal of honor posthumously <sec> white house : president will present medal to soldier 's parents in september .  staff sgt . .  jared monti showed `` immeasurable courage '' in afghanistan .  white house says monti gave his life for comrade in combat , but no other details .  much-decorated soldier was posthumously promoted to sergeant first class .
 lindsey vonn out of sochi olympics <sec> lindsey vonn announces she will not compete at the 2014 winter olympics .  the 29-year-old admits she has failed to recover from a right knee injury .  vonn was the defending women 's downhill champion .  the american plans to have surgery before another comeback later this yea .
 report : securing potential 'dirty bomb ' material faces challenges <sec> investigators visited 33 sites in california , colorado , hawaii , pennsylvania , texas , wyoming .  door , fencing , worker criminal histories , lack of agency collaboration criticized .  gao recommends that agencies work together to provide security , seek companies ' inpu .
 man free on bail , days after oklahoma woman kills alleged intruder 's accomplice <sec> new : the accused man ca n't have contact with the shooter , a court document says .  he posts a $ 50,000 bond that had been requested by prosecutors , a court clerk says .  sarah mckinley fired a gun after checking with a 911 dispatcher , killing the intruder .  alleged accomplice dustin louis stewart is charged with murder , though he did n't fire a gu .
 u.s. urges railroads to not use old tankers to haul volatile oil <sec> transportation department takes action after string of derailments .  safety questions have been raised about highly volatile petroleum crude .  there is concern about older tankers being used for those shipments .  derailments over the past 10 months have been fiery ; one in canada was catastrophi .
 fiji 's first vote in 8 years : why the coups in paradise ? <sec> fiji held its first elections wednesday since a 2006 military coup d'etat .  the south pacific island nation has had four coups since independence .  the party of the strongman pm , a former military commander , is leading in polls .  the military plays a large role in fijian social and political life , say academic .
 alonso leads f1 championship after rain-lashed korean gp <sec> rain proved the biggest factor at inaugural race in south korea , safety car deployed .  championship heads for the penultimate race of the season with alonso 11 points ahead .  webber held a 14-point advantage going into the inaugural korean g .
 hackers release private fbi call about hackers <sec> `` it 's not that sophisticated , '' a law enforcement source says of the surreptitious recording .  anonymous says it recorded the call between the fbi and new scotland yard .  no fbi computer systems were hacked , a law enforcement official say .
 assange embassy gamble follows famous precedents <sec> julian assange is seeking to avoid extradition by claiming asylum at an embassy .  chinese activist chen guangcheng spent six days at the u.s. embassy in beijing .  a catholic cardinal lived in an embassy in hungary for 15 years .  manuel noriega sought refuge in the vatican embassy in panama in 198 .
 why transgender teen jazz jennings is everywhere <sec> transgender teen jazz jennings is having a moment .  she has a tv show in the works and appeared in a clean & clear a .
 karzai speeding up transfer of u.s.-run prison <sec> detention facility in parwan , afghanistan , was built in late 2009 .  the u.s. embassy in kabul says it takes abuse allegations seriously .  human rights groups have criticized abuses at bagram in the pas .
 reporter 's notebook : what really happens at tea party rallies <sec> cnn 's shannon travis planned coverage of tea party express for five stops in two weeks .  the stereotypes do n't tell the whole story , he says .  being at a tea party rally is not quite like seeing it on tv , he says .  travis witnessed not just anger , but also optimis .
 facebook : getting engaged makes women unhappy <sec> study finds women not-so-happy after getting engagement ring .  two researchers gathered data from facebook status updates .  after wedding , women 's negativity lessens , men 's negativity increase .
 florida man kills wife and son with crossbow , then slits throat <sec> authorities say pedro maldonado killed his wife and son with a crossbow .  he then drove 460 milles to tallahassee in an attempt to kill his other son .  maldonado later called a friend , admitting to killing two family members .  he took his life in a lake city hotel room , authorities sa .
 obama signs stock act to address 'deficit of trust ' in washington <sec> in signing ceremony , obama talks of need to address public skepticism .  bill makes it illegal to use inside information to trade stocks and securities .  public interest groups say the bill was weakened before it was passed .  issue came to light after `` 60 minutes '' story on some profiting from inside informatio .
 officials : pakistan kills taliban commander , 20 militants <sec> new : 15 soldiers killed after fight with militants in a southern province .  pakistani forces and militants regularly battle in northwest pakistan .  there are taliban strongholds in the regio .
 police : 15 dead in nigeria truck crash <sec> a baby was among those killed in the multi-vehicle crash .  the truck was headed to lagos when its brakes faile .
 who : air pollution caused one in eight deaths <sec> who describes air pollution as single largest environmental health risk .  asian countries hardest hit by outdoor and indoor air pollution .  majority of 7 million deaths linked with pollution are heart disease , stroke , lung disease .
 scabby the rat comes out winner in free speech battle <sec> court : towns have right to enforce aesthetics , but not curb speech .  scabby the rat balloon displayed at union rallies in new jersey .  township banned display of inflatables , including 10-foot rat balloo .
 judge rules 9/11 museum can include wtc cross <sec> two intersecting steel beams that stayed intact on wtc were treated as iconic .  judge throws out a lawsuit by an atheist group challenging its inclusion in the 9/11 museum .  judge : museum 's display is permissible because the beams have historical importance .  9/11 `` affected all americans , not just christians , '' says president of american atheist .
 marquez storms to valencia motogp pole <sec> spaniard a step closer to making history by taking pole position in final race of season .  the 20-year-old only needs to finish fourth on sunday to be crowned world champion .  marquez aiming to be youngest winner of motogp title and first rookie for 35 year .
 9 killed in brazil church roof collapse <sec> new : brazilian firefighters call off search for survivors .  new : death toll rises to nine in church roof collapse .  concrete roof fell during service at evangelical church , authorities say .  church hosts one of largest congregations in sao paulo , brazi .
 libya detains international criminal court lawyer over documents <sec> new : libyan authorities investigating lawyer melinda taylor over documents .  she and three other international criminal court staffers were detained .  they had gone to zintan , libya , to meet with moammar gadhafi 's son .  saif al-islam gadhafi stands accused of involvement in the deaths of protester .
 former soldiers say undisciplined unit not why bergdahl walked <sec> british filmmaker filmed bergdahl 's unit without helmets in the field .  army source tells cnn discipline in unit was `` lax '' .  a former lieutenant colonel says unit 's issues do n't justify bergdahl 's action .
 va hospital apologizes for deaths after delayed care <sec> america 's war veterans are dying because of long waits and delayed care , cnn has found .  director of medical center in georgia issues apology .  he says staffers have reviewed medical record .
 inside the mind of a caddy : the bag men behind the world 's top golfers <sec> steve williams , former caddy of tiger woods , reveals secrets of being a great golfing bag man .  williams has helped win 150 tournaments , but retirement looms this year .  ian poulter 's bag man terry mundy only became a caddy after a conversation in a pub .  mundy says caddies can still sometimes be treated like second-class citizens at event .
 danica patrick takes historic pole position for daytona 500 <sec> nascar racer danica patrick says `` gender does n't matter '' .  patrick said she enjoys pressure-filled moments .  patrick is the first woman to win a pole in nascar 's top division .  jeff gordon will start on the outside of the front ro .
 seth meyers to host emmys 2014 <sec> seth meyers has been picked to host this year 's emmy awards .  the comedian and actor recently took over nbc 's `` late night '' .  he follows prior hosts neil patrick harris , jimmy kimmel and jane lynch .  the 2014 emmys will air on nbc on august 2 .
