 world cup final : lionel messi 's moment of immortality ? <sec> argentina faces germany in sunday 's world cup final .  lionel messi will captain argentina .  two teams met in final of 1986 and 1990 tournaments .  argentina has won the world cup twice in 1978 and 198 .
 attorney , family of missing missouri baby cut ties <sec> new : an attorney says she 's no longer representing the family of lisa irwin .  the 11-month-old girl was reported missing on the morning of october 4 .  a friday interview with her half-brothers was canceled .  police have said they are also seeking dna tests on the boy .
 poor latinos are victims of abuse nationwide , activists say <sec> new : study 's author , others say problem is n't just regional .  low-income latinos in the south victims of discrimination , exploitation , study finds .  forty-seven percent of respondents claim to know someone mistreated by police .  federal government urged to strengthen labor laws , crack down on racial profilin .
 f1 title race : vettel on the verge of retaining crown <sec> sebastian vettel can clinch a second world title at sunday 's japanese grand prix .  the german holds a 124-point lead over jenson button in the drivers ' standings .  the red bull driver is poised to become the youngest double world champion in f1 histor .
 4 nigerian villages reeling after deadly boko haram attack <sec> lawmaker and residents say scores are dead , hundreds of homes destroyed .  they say boko haram conducted the raids in northeastern state of borno .  one villager believes the attacks were reprisals for losses in previous raid .
 nepalese man named shortest ever in history <sec> chandra bahadur dangi is no taller than a typical infant .  `` it 's a big thing for my family , my village , my country , '' he says .  chandra claims to be 72 years old and weigh 14.5 kilogram .
 african fashion designer shoots for the stars <sec> naledi lifestyle store sells clothes and home products in dar es salaam , tanzania .  kemi kalikawe creates products that bring together african and western styles .  before starting her business kalikawe studied marketing in england .  kalikawe struggled to find a place to base herself in dar es salaa .
 windsurfing a family affair for cyril moussilmani and his brothers <sec> windsurfing is a family affair for cyril moussilmani and his younger twin brothers .  cyril first wanted to try windsurfing as a nine-year-old in his hometown of marseille .  he trains about 10-15 hours in the gym , aside from practicing his skills on the water .  frenchman enjoys traveling the world , although lugging around his equipment is toug .
 can middle east overcome conflict , low growth and unemployment ? <sec> imf releases latest middle east and north africa economic outlook report .  middle east and central asia director of imf says many countries in region need to stoke growth .  fast growing economies in region need to be wary of inflatio .
 dr. ruth : brown told women the truth about sex <sec> dr. ruth westheimer says helen gurley brown 's cosmopolitan sex articles were pioneering .  she says before that , many women did n't know sex should bring pleasure , orgasm .  she says women 's power and prowess in bedroom could translate to the boardroom .  dr. ruth : brown taught women not just to give others pleasure in sex , but themselves , to .
 the road to terror training camps sometimes begins in the u.s . <sec> omar hammami is one of 14 u.s. citizens indicted last week on terrorism conspiracy charges .  hammami went from a small town in alabama to a command role in somalia .  terrorism experts say extremist groups are battling for the hearts and minds of young u.s. muslim .
 u.s. pulled iraq troops too soon <sec> ex-cia director michael v. hayden : the sectarian strife in iraq was predictable .  he says the background of the nation and prime minister set stage for tension and violence .  presence of u.s. troops has calmed danger zones around the world , he says .  hayden : withdrawing troops may have fulfilled campaign promise , but move was too risk .
 a post-holocaust tale of freedom deferred <sec> after holocaust , before israel became a state , 100,000 survivors immigrated illegally .  some were imprisoned in british-controlled palestine and later freed in breakout .  bestselling author anita diamant explores this chapter in new book , 'day after night ' .  characters face question : 'how much do you have to forget in order to live ? .
 boehner changes tune on syria debate <sec> lawmakers have left town until after the november elections .  house speaker john boehner had suggested they might not debate syria until next year .  in a new interview , he says he would call lawmakers back if the president asked him .  american forces have already started bombing targets inside syri .
 dealing with the 'painful ' stigma of aids in africa <sec> cnn hero patricia sawo , a pastor in kitale , kenya , was diagnosed with hiv in 1999 .  she said she and her family were treated like outcasts -- even her children .  sawo is trying to educate people that hiv `` is not a moral issue .
 lifetime soccer bans for korean players involved in match-fixing scandal <sec> fifa imposes a worldwide lifetime ban from football on 41 players from korean republic .  soccer 's governing body extends domestic ban imposed by korea football association .  fifa offer 21 players who handed themselves in a chance of returning to football .  recent match-fixing incidents have occurred in italy and south afric .
 iraq : arrests made in ministry truck bombings <sec> wednesday bombings of finance , foreign affairs ministries killed more than 100 .  iraqi official says suspects were arrested two hours after attacks .  11 high-ranking security officials from the iraqi army and police detained , he say .
 review : 'the other woman ' <sec> the film stars cameron diaz as a corporate attorney .  leslie mann is the shocked wife .  reviewer says it has `` wonky charm .
 obama eases rhetoric about supreme court on health care <sec> president obama says the supreme court has the `` final say '' .  at the same time , obama says legal precedent should mean a favorable ruling .  conservatives blast obama 's monday comment of possible `` judical activism '' by the high court .  a high court ruling is expected later this year before the november presidential electio .
 starcraft ii shakes up s. korea 's `national sport ' <sec> in south korea , starcraft is considered by many as a national sport .  professional players are recruited around the world for korean teams .  starcraft ii could be a game changer for existing south korean team .
 china sends first female astronaut to space <sec> liu yang becomes china 's first woman in space .  china aims to be third nation to perform a space docking .  china aspires to build a space station and conduct a manned mission to the moo .
 report : shark attacks up but you 're not going to need a bigger boat <sec> university of florida issues new statistics , but numbers can be misleading .  you 're more likely to be injured by a toilet or sand hole collapse than by a shark .  dogs killed almost 26 times as many people as sharks in first decade of 21st centur .
 four suspects held in arkansas campus shooting <sec> new : a fourth and final suspect has turned himself in , police say .  student government , religious groups plan prayer vigils for students .  two students killed , one wounded sunday night , officials say .  shooting prompted lockdown at university of central arkansas in conwa .
 kenya at 50 : stunning photos celebrate country 's culture <sec> kenya celebrates its 50th year of independence from british rule .  a photography competition celebrated the country 's heritage and history .  outstanding images show people or places with historical and cultural significanc .
 dying veteran 's wish to see his son graduate comes true <sec> charles burns , 65 , entered hospice care in september .  his dying wish was to see his son , ryan , become a marine .  charles burns made a 1,000-mile trek to see his son graduate on frida .
 djokovic begins wimbledon title defense in style <sec> defending champion novak djokovic beats juan carlos ferrero in wimbledon first round .  third seed roger federer cruises past spain 's albert ramos 6-1 6-1 6-1 .  no . .  24 seed marcel granollers loses to serbia 's victor troicki .  eighth seed janko tipsarevic beats former finalist david nalbandia .
 on foreign policy , obama trounces gop rivals <sec> donna brazile : gop presidential candidates ca n't beat obama 's record on national security .  three-quarters of americans approve of his decision to pull troops from iraq , brazile says .  yet if obama favors something , gop candidates almost certainly oppose it , she says .  brazile : expect bluster at tuesday 's gop debate -- then compare it to obama 's approac .
 pope francis talks language of love with couples on valentine 's day <sec> pope francis : `` dear young people , do n't be afraid to marry '' .  he takes valentine 's day questions from young couples about having a happy marriage .  thousands of young engaged couples gather in st. peter 's square to hear him .  he says couples must build their love together and let it gro .
 healthy diet may reduce risk of birth defects <sec> women who eat fruits , vegetables and whole grains run a lower risk of having babies with certain birth defects .  mediterranean-style diets lower a woman 's risk of having a baby with a neural-tube defect .  deficiencies in folic acid have been linked to both neural-tube defects and cleft lip and palat .
 killing of nypd officers is cowardly ( opinion ) <sec> new york police officers wenjian liu and rafael ramos were shot dead .  marc harrold : the slaying of these police officers was cowardly , senseless .  we need a bigger discussion about relationship between police and citizens .  harrold : police should focus on how to serve , protect and secure people 's live .
 doomsday clock moved closer to midnight <sec> the bulletin of atomic scientists moves doomsday clock up by two minutes .  group cites climate change , nuclear arms race .  the clock is the closest to midnight it 's been in 31 year .
 north korea editorial : 2012 will be important year <sec> the new north korean leader carries out his first public inspection of the military .  state-run media publish the annual new year 's message .  kim jong un , who succeeded his father , deserves `` absolute trust , '' editorial says .  it says 2012 will usher prosperit .
 cnn student news transcript : april 28 , 2011 <sec> learn about the details of a deadly gunfight at an afghan airport .  consider the debate over continuing subsidies to the oil industry .  check out a cnn documentary that looks at science education in the u.s . .  use the daily discussion to help students understand today 's featured news storie .
 afghan-us security deal still hangs in the balance <sec> president hamid karzai says he wo n't sign a security deal until after elections .  that 's `` not viable , '' u.s. national security adviser susan rice says .  the delay could mean u.s. troops pull out of afghanistan earlier than expected .  afghan elders have demands that karzai wants washington to mee .
 opinion : why is samsung so hot right now ? <sec> jenkins : samsung 's strategy different to its main rival , apple .  the south korean company has a phone to suit pretty much every potential customer .  but samsung 's scale could turn out to be a weakness as well as a strength , says jenkins .  `` in some respects , samsung reminds me of sony in the years before it all went wrong .
 first u.s. face transplant recipient offers thanks <sec> an ohio woman who suffered gunshot wound is first u.s. face transplant recipient .  connie culp regained breathing and speaking ability after transplant .  doctors say she has shown major medical improvement .
 miley cyrus ' u.s. tour postponed due to illness <sec> the remaining u.s. dates on cyrus ' `` bangerz '' tour are called off -- for now .  the european leg of her tour , set to start may 2 , is still on , her camp says .  cyrus has been hospitalized because of an allergic reaction to an antibiotic .  `` sick of waking up to needles , '' the 21-year-old singer tweet .
 homes damaged after pakistan earthquake <sec> mud-walled houses near epicenter were damaged .  usgs cites a magnitude of 7.2 .  the quake occurred 640 miles west-southwest of islamabad .  it caused glass to break in a hotel in quett .
 u.s. : pennsylvania woman tried to recruit terrorists <sec> new : official says swedish cartoonist was target .  justice department says colleen larose , five others developed plans for martyrdom .  she could receive life sentence , $ 1 million fin .
 bradley manning apologizes , tells court he must pay price <sec> new : wikileaks founder calls manning 's apology `` forced '' .  bradley manning says he understood what he was doing was wrong .  he tells the judge he was `` dealing with a lot of issues '' .  manning says he recognizes he has to pay a price for his action .
 are politicians too rich to understand us ? <sec> tim stanley : the $ 30.5 million scott walker spent to keep his wisconsin seat was staggering .  stanley says the amount of money thrown around in politics makes politicians seem detached .  he says average member of congress is worth millions ; presidential candidates are , too .  washington 's power elite has little in common with average citizens , he say .
 fitness expert greg plitt dies <sec> greg plitt died on saturday after being hit by a commuter train in burbank , california . .  the `` friends to lovers '' star was shooting video on train tracks , police sa .
 haug steps down as mercedes-benz motorsport chief <sec> norbert haug steps down as head of mercedes-benz motorsport .  haug assumed the role with the german manufacturer in 1990 .  he has overseen mercedes-benz 's contribution to six f1 world championships .  the german also played a role in mercedes rebirth as an f1 team after a 55-year wai .
 ebola : millions of doses of vaccines planned by 2015 <sec> new : as many as 55 people quarantined in mali after girl 's death .  latest who figures put total death toll at 4,922 as of thursday .  there is currently no cure or vaccine for ebola .  scores of international companies are working on experimental vaccine .
 two va employees in north carolina on leave over 'inappropriate scheduling ' <sec> va vows to hold employees accountable if allegations are true .  the federal department is defending itself against claims of potentially deadly delays .  cnn exclusively reported veterans dying while on wait list in phoeni .
 jurors in 'whitey ' bulger trial break for weekend without verdict <sec> the jury ends its fourth day of deliberations with no verdict announced .  deliberations will resume monday .  `` whitey '' bulger was a reputed mob boss in south boston .  charges against him include racketeering and involvement in 19 killing .
 early reviews praise 'dark knight rises ' <sec> early reviews for `` the dark knight rises '' have arrived ahead of friday 's release .  the last movie in christopher nolan 's batman trilogy is being praised by critics .  reviewer : `` maybe the best , most troubling ... enthralling of all the superhero movies .
 former nfl players : league concealed concussion risks <sec> new : ex-player duerson , who killed himself , would approve of the suit , his widow says .  nfl 's failure to act has led to the deaths and brain injuries of former players , a lawsuit says .  the lawsuit filed by 75 former nfl players asks for a jury trial and damages .  an nfl spokesman says the league will `` vigorously contest '' such claim .
 abu dhabi : desert gem stepping out of dubai 's shadows <sec> abu dhabi hosted the volvo ocean yacht race last month .  the region has a strong maritime past with fishing pivotal to the economy .  the coastline , stretching over 700 kilometers of the emirate , is a highlight of the regio .
 'facebook politics ' is fleeting <sec> julian zelizer : tea party adept at `` facebook politics , '' rallying supporters via cyberspace .  obama , democrats had same success , but since election , web support is down , he writes .  he says twitter , facebook ca n't sustain a movement when election drama is over .  facebook politics lacks local element and commitment crucial to politics , zelizer say .
 neil gaiman 's acclaimed comic book 'sandman ' returns after 25 years <sec> `` sandman : overture '' is author neil gaiman 's first sandman comic book story in 10 years .  `` the sandman , '' first published in 1988 , made gaiman a big name in the world of comic books .  gaiman was finally able to have new comic ready for `` sandman 's '' 25th anniversar .
 zuckerberg , wife give $ 75m to san francisco hospital <sec> facility will become priscilla and mark zuckerberg san francisco general hospital .  mark zuckerberg 's wife , dr. priscilla chan , worked at hospital in residency .  couple gives what a foundation says may be biggest donation to a u.s. public hospita .
 brilliant bartoli romps to wimbledon title <sec> marion bartoli wins first grand slam title at wimbledon beating sabine lisicki in straight sets .  the 28-year-old becomes only the second frenchwoman to win wimbledon in the open er .
 pope benedict xvi 's resignation explained <sec> pope benedict xvi has announced he is stepping down on february 28 .  the last pope to resign was pope gregory xii in 1415 to end the great western schism .  vatican spokesman federico lombardi says a conclave will elect a new pontiff in march .  lombardi says the vatican expects a new pope to be in place by easte .
 hulkenberg stuns rivals by heading grid <sec> williams driver nico hulkenberg claims his first-ever pole positon in brazil gp .  hulkenberg takes advantage of the changeable weather conditions at interlagos .  it is williams ' first pole position since the 2005 european grand prix at the nurburgring .  the red bull duo of sebastien vettel and mark webber second and third on the gri .
 cnn student news - december 8 , 2014 <sec> this page includes the show transcript .  use the transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary .  at the bottom of the page , comment for a chance to be mentioned on cnn student news . .  you must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the cnn student news roll call .
 10 mexican police officers held in killings of 12 federal agents <sec> officers arrested saturday are on the police force in the city of arteaga .  slain agents were found tuesday on a remote highway in michoacan state .  governor calls infusion of federal agents in michoacan an occupation .  governor 's half-brother , said to be key figure in drug cartel , still at larg .
 attorneys blast freeh report as spanier speaks out <sec> attorney calls penn state review led by former fbi director louis freeh `` blundering '' .  267-page report released in july blamed ex-president with taking part in coverup .  former coach was convicted in june of sexually abusing 10 young boys over several years .  in his first interview since the scandal , spanier spoke with the new yorker magazin .
 why next pope must open up church and usher in vatican iii <sec> catholic church continued march backwards under benedict , writes paul donovan .  donovan : church must reform in order to stay relevant in 21st century .  church must be more democratic , more transparent , consider role of wome .
 michael jackson 's son makes entertainment debut -- as reporter <sec> new : la toya jackson arranged the reporting job for prince jackson .  new : prince asked his aunt `` for her help in starting his career , '' a source says .  entertainment tonight will air his first interview in chunks throughout the week .  prince is due to inherit millions but wants to make his own mone .
 cnn student news - august 26 , 2014 <sec> this page includes the show transcript .  use the transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary .  at the bottom of the page , comment for a chance to be mentioned on cnn student news . .  you must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the cnn student news roll call .
 jay leno gives car to wounded veteran <sec> jay leno gave a military veteran a new car .  he did it to say thank you for his service .  the comedian has been touring with `` today 's '' uso comedy tou .
 paul mccartney on family , his non-stop career <sec> mccartney 's touring schedule has been reduced to shorter , intense bursts in recent years .  mccartney : `` i love what i do so much that i do n't really want to stop '' .  `` the band 's hot , i 'm really enjoying myself , still singing like i sang , '' he say .
 top picks in $ 30,000+ used luxury cars <sec> newer acura mdx is classified as a crossover suv , but it 's a deluxe version .  bmw 328i is sleek , finely-tuned and beautifully-designed driving machine .  infiniti 's m series is another winner with an aggressive engine performance .  consumer reports recommended a slew of used lexus model .
