 sully 's passengers reunited with items they thought gone forever <sec> us airways flight 1549 landed in the hudson river on january 15 .  passengers scrambled to save their lives , leaving behind personal belongings .  texas company has recovered , restored and returned most of the 30,000 items .  some items , like one woman 's four flash drives , are still in good shap .
 top jockey hughes wins seven races at a meet to emulate dettori <sec> jockey richard hughes wins seven out of eight races at windsor .  odds on the feat were a lengthy 10,168 to 1 .  irishman hughes set to be crowned champion jockey in britain .  frankie dettori secured seven wins at ascot in 199 .
 opinion : obama is not a christian ? <sec> timothy stanley : obama riled right at prayer breakfast by invoking crusades , inquisition to show danger of violence used to advance faith .  stanley : it 's wrong to say obama not christian , but the humility of his approach weakens the west 's moral leadershi .
 audit : sexual assault incidents within va system underreported <sec> gao report says many incidents not properly handled .  understaffing , fuzzy expectations , poor oversight are blamed .  house committee chairman says report left him `` aghast '' .  house to hold hearing monda .
 florida advertises for crocodile response agents <sec> florida is hiring part-time workers to respond to complaints , calls .  officials want residents and resurgent crocodiles to co-exist .  still , they urge steps to reduce the likelihood of problem .
 cnn journalists honored <sec> two cnn journalists have been honored at the business travel journalism awards . .  cnn correspondent ayesha durgahee was named business travel news journalist of the year . .  cnn business traveller producer rosie tomkins won best newcomer to business travel or meetings & events journalism .
 woman shatters text-messaging speed record <sec> british woman is the new guinness world record holder for fastest typing on a phone .  she breaks the old record , held by a seattle , washington man , by nine seconds .  the new world record still awaits official approval from guinnes .
 teens locked up for life without a second chance <sec> at least 73 inmates serve life without parole for offenses committed at 13 and 14 .  proponents of tough sentencing laws say public safety is top priority .  only 19 states punish minors under 14 with sentences of life without parole .  `` they took away all hope for the future , '' says quantel lotts , now 2 .
 ex-astronaut in love triangle case avoids prison with plea deal <sec> lisa marie nowak , a former astronaut , accused of assaulting a romantic rival .  florida judge sentences nowak to year on probation , community service .  prosecutors say she drove 900 miles in diapers , wore disguise , followed woman through airpor .
 is the tea party becoming a religious movement ? <sec> jeff sharlet says anti-tax tea party shows signs of evolving into religious movement .  he says gop star sen. demint is gatekeeper for tea party candidates to establishment .  price of admission , he says , is fealty to demint 's religious vision of tea party .  sharlet : putting government in service of religion tends to align it with interests of wealth .
 opinion : janet yellen is about to become a superstar <sec> president obama nominated janet yellen to be the next head of the federal reserve .  frida ghitis : yellen is exactly the right person for the challenges of our time .  she says yellen will likely do more to reduce unemployment and promote growth .  ghitis : as the first woman to lead america 's central bank , she 'll be a powerful forc .
 unc will probe claims over athletes ' reading ability <sec> unc will investigate claims regarding student-athletes .  mary willingham was shocked by the number of unc athletes who struggled to read .  university releases own dat .
 chelsea boss ancelotti denies quit talk <sec> carlo ancelotti has dismissed reports he is set to quit english champions chelsea .  italian coach says rumors of his departure are `` totally untrue '' .  newspaper reports claimed ancelotti was on the brink of resigning .  chelsea are struggling for form after losing three of their last four matche .
 obamacare 's next fight for survival <sec> new challenges have arrived for president barack obama 's top domestic achievement .  supreme court again holds law 's fate in its hands .  republicans will struggle to 'repeal and replace .
 hijacker returns to the united states <sec> new : fbi agents have arrested william potts on air piracy charges .  william potts served time in cuban prisons for a 1984 hijacking .  potts , 56 , says he regrets the crime and wants to be with his family .  the pilot of that plane said he holds no grudges against pott .
 wmd : from a-bombs to pressure cookers <sec> dzhokhar tsarnaev is accused of using explosives-filled pressure cookers as bombs .  he is charged with `` using and conspiring to use a weapon of mass destruction '' ( wmd ) .  claims saddam hussein was stockpiling wmds formed part of the argument for the iraq war .  the term `` wmd '' is often used to refer to nuclear , biological and chemical arm .
 oil prices : root for them to go up ? ( opinion ) <sec> oil prices have dropped sharply around the world , easing gasoline costs for u.s. drivers .  sharon burke : be careful what you wish for ; lower prices can have a downside .  she says they could foster instability in nations like iraq and libya that are dependent on oil .  burke : some oil-producing countries could have trouble paying bills if price stays below $ 8 .
 emwazi 's journey to jihadi john : what do emails reveal ? <sec> advocacy group cage releases emails between `` jihadi john '' and the organization 's research director .  mohammed emwazi complained about his treatment by british airport security officials and police .  rashad ali , director at counterextremism consultancy , argues that the emails do n't give the full pictur .
 police in spain arrest 5 suspected of financing terrorists <sec> the suspects had links to militants in italy , france and switzerland , officials say .  last week , authorities arrested a man for recruiting others .  since 2004 , spanish police have arrested more than 400 suspected militants or collaborator .
 pentagon video : 'chinese aggression ... details at 11 ' <sec> irritation shows in video taken during harassment of u.s. ship by chinese vessels .  china says navy surveillance vessel was violating chinese and international law .  uss impeccable turned fire hoses on vessel that came close in march 8 incident .  crew discussed possibly destroying sonar equipment impeccable was towin .
 how marissa mayer writes her own rules <sec> yahoo ceo marissa mayer : my best decisions involve risk .  it may not be conventional , but neither is mayer .  as she 's shown in the past , mayer bucks against societal expectations .  in the fields of tech and business , mayer often makes her own rule .
 sheriff : kidnap victim , children kept in backyard compound <sec> new : kidnapped girl grew up , had children with captor , sheriff says .  sex offender admitted to having abducted girl in south lake tahoe , police say .  phillip garrido , nancy garrido booked on charges related to kidnapping .  jaycee dugard disappeared in south lake tahoe , california , at age 11 in 199 .
 u.s. general faces north koreans in dmz <sec> gen. james d. thurman is the new commander of u.s. and u.n. forces in korea .  thurman visited the dmz , the tense border between north and south korea , on friday .  north korean soldiers stood just feet away from thurman , watching him and taking pictures .  despite a 1953 armistice , the two koreas have technically been at war since 195 .
 10 ways you give up data without knowing it <sec> remember cookies ? .  they track and analyze your online activity to help companies advertise .  your facebook `` likes '' say a lot about you that researchers are keen to dissect .  follow cnn living on facebook and twitte .
 pakistan seal series whitewash as england face loss of no . 1 ranking <sec> pakistan whitewash england in a series for the first time with dubai victory .  england lose by 71 runs as wicketkeeper-batsman matt prior finishes unbeaten on 49 .  south africa can now usurp england as no . .  1 test team with a 3-0 win against new zealand .  pakistan the first team since 1907 to win a test after scoring less than 100 in the first inning .
 beating victim 'not full of hate ' as he recovers <sec> witnesses : bryan steinhauer was beaten into a coma by college basketball player .  a year after attack , victim says he does not hate the man who beat him .  steinhauer says experience has taught him life lessons .  suspect jumped bail , fled to serbia where he is now being prosecute .
 putin takes to the track in f1 car <sec> vladimir putin had a go at formula one racing in st petersburg on sunday .  russian prime minister reached speeds of 150mph in the renault car .  former president has often been seen taking part in extreme sporting activities .  russia will host its first f1 race in sochi in 201 .
 johnny depp 's very own pirate ship in the caribbean <sec> `` vajoliroja '' is johnny depp 's pirate-themed yacht in the caribbean .  in 2008 , depp completely refitted the ship with velvet drapes and furniture in rich burgundies and gold .  wannabe swashbucklers can charter the boat for $ 130,000 a wee .
 iceland 's 'zero-emission ' data center <sec> colt says it 's opening a `` zero-emission '' data center in iceland .  center should be open within four months , company says .  data centers store information that 's `` in the cloud '' of the internet .  epa : u.s. data centers account for 1.5 % of nation 's electricity us .
 vettel leads standings after second straight win <sec> reigning champion sebastian vettel wins second successive race .  the victory gives the red bull driver the maximum 50 points after two rounds .  jenson button lies second in the standings after finishing second in malaysia .  red bull lead the constructors ' standings from mclare .
 cleanup starts after tornadoes tear through dallas-fort worth area <sec> new : six to 13 tornadoes touched down in north texas , the nws says .  dallas mayor : `` we dodged a big bullet '' .  hundreds of buildings are damaged and hundreds of flights are canceled .  `` it was like 'the wizard of oz , ' `` says one witnes .
 after bomb blast , wife is left to be her husband 's legs <sec> iraqi woman devotes herself to caring for injured husband .  her husband lost both legs in bombing , has been unable to get prosthetics .  `` i saw my legs were severed , just flesh and skin , '' he says .  wife : `` i am asking people for help because i can not leave him alone in the house .
 penn state alum : we deserved ncaa penalty <sec> roxanne jones : some penn staters outraged at post-sandusky ncaa penalties .  she says many at university , not just football program , were responsible .  she says penn state got off easy after heinous behavior administration allowed .  jones : housecleaning not done : trustees who sat silent should be made to step dow .
 another strike on nato convoy in pakistan ; vehicles set ablaze <sec> new : another strike on oil tankers is reported .  the pakistani taliban says it has a special squad to attack nato supply efforts .  a local police official says police are experiencing security problem .
 zimbabwe issues $ 1 million bills as inflation soars <sec> zimbabwe 's inflation rate is officially 230 million percent per year .  independent analysts say the rate is really billions of percentage points .  country has issued bills as high as z $ 100 billion in the past .  current highest note , $ z50,000 , is not enough to buy half a loaf of brea .
 low profile for syria 's first lady <sec> `` she 's just hunkered down in damascus , '' says andrew tabler , expert on syria .  happy images on instagram account contrast with harsh reality on the ground .  asma al-assad is seen at diplomatic functions , awards ceremonies and stirring pot .
 medical examiner : pentagon official died after assault <sec> former pentagon official died of blunt force trauma , according to autopsy .  john wheeler 's body was found in a delaware landfill on new year 's eve .  surveillance video showed him appearing to be confuse .
 death toll rises in mexico 's pemex blast <sec> at least 35 people were killed in last week 's explosion .  two people remain missing .  the blast happened at the mexico city offices of pemex , the state-run oil giant .  investigations are under wa .
 australian soprano dame joan sutherland dies at age 83 <sec> sutherland won two grammy awards , in 1961 and 1981 .  she performed often with tenor luciano pavarotti .  she sang the role of lucia in `` lucia di lammermoor '' 233 time .
 al qaeda-linked militants killed byyemen security forces <sec> fighting in abyan and shabwa provinces comes amid crackdown on al qaeda .  explosives expert from russia was among those killed , yemeni government newspaper reports .  three militants , four yemeni security troops die in a gunfight in sanaa , yemeni officials sa .
 neil diamond to donate 'sweet caroline ' royalties to one fund boston <sec> singer will donate royalties to help people affected by the bombings in boston .  song is a staple at fenway park , where fans sing along when it is played .  diamond wrote the song about caroline kennedy , not anyone associated with the tea .
 declared dead , woman wakes up in funeral home <sec> a doctor in poland declared a 91-year-old woman dead , cnn affiliate tvn says .  but 11 hours later she woke up in a funeral home , according to tvn .  authorities are investigating to find out what happene .
 family seeks answers in texas woman 's disappearance <sec> christina marie morris vanished in plano , texas , over labor day weekend .  morris ' parents reported her missing on tuesday .  morris last seen by friend in mall parking garage .  family and friends plead for help in finding he .
 iranian nobel laureate to defend u.s. journalist <sec> 2003 nobel peace prize winner shirin ebadi offers to help in iran .  ebadi heads the center for defenders of human rights in iran .  journalist roxana saberi worked for npr , was writing a book , accused of spying .  rev . .  jesse jackson offers to go to iran to help negotiate saberi 's releas .
 obama aides fine-tune meaning of afghan withdrawal date <sec> obama aides hit sunday talk shows to discuss nuances of afghan troop withdrawal .  national security adviser says july 2011 is `` not a cliff , it 's a ramp '' for starting pullout .  defense secretary tells cbs `` there is n't a deadline '' to get troops out .  administration trying to wipe out terrorist network while satisfying liberal bas .
 police question $ 2b ubs alleged rogue trader <sec> uk police question a suspected rogue trader at swiss bank ubs for a second day .  credit rating agency moody 's says it is reviewing ubs for a possible downgrade .  ubs itself reported the rogue trader to police , officers say .  british media name the arrested man as kweku adobol .
 what heinz got wrong : the myth of hiring from competitors <sec> mcdonald 's terminated contract with heinz after hiring former burger king ceo .  management expert lee salz says hiring former competitors is flawed strategy .  ignore `` industry experience '' hiring practice , says sal .
 cnn student news - september 11 , 2014 <sec> this page includes the show transcript .  use the transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary .  at the bottom of the page , comment for a chance to be mentioned on cnn student news . .  you must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the cnn student news roll call .
 cnn student news transcript - may 25 , 2012 <sec> the daily transcript is a written version of each day 's cnn student news program .  use this transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary .  use the weekly newsquiz to test your knowledge of stories you saw on cnn student new .
 radaronline : tape captures gibson 's racist rant <sec> new : grigorieva 's camp confirms her voice is on tape .  tape purportedly captures fight between actor and ex-girlfriend .  site says male voice is that of gibson .  police investigating domestic violence allegations against acto .
 in new video games , gore gives way to emotion <sec> in new top video games , designers are working hard to move players emotionally .  `` the last of us '' follows a duo who bond for survival in a post-apocalyptic world .  `` bioshock : infinite '' and `` lara croft '' similarly invested in character development .  one of designers for `` last '' : `` we want to give people moments .
 arson caused california blaze , officials say <sec> investigation treated as homicide case because two firefighters died .  the fire was at 38 percent containment thursday , officials say .  station fire has burned more than 147,000 acres north of los angeles .  blaze still forcing some residents to evacuat .
 medical researcher pleads not guilty in wife 's cyanide death <sec> new : the wife wanted another baby , a neighbor says .  client is `` devastated not only for losing his wife but being accused of it , '' lawyer says .  robert ferrante pleads not guilty at arraignment in pennsylvania .  his wife , 41-year-old autumn klein , died on april 2 .
 google exec to girls : tech needs you <sec> google executive susan wojcicki writes an open letter to girls of the world .  `` we simply ca n't afford for the future of technology not to represent women , '' she say .
 charge dropped against ac/dc drummer phil rudd <sec> `` mr. rudd has suffered unnecessary and extremely damaging publicity , '' lawyer says .  prosecutors decide there is n't enough evidence for an `` attempting to procure murder '' charge .  the ac/dc drummer is still charged with drug possession , threatening to kil .
 south africa : escape to the cape <sec> south africa is rich with exciting adventures and rich cultural experiences .  go cage diving to see sharks and climb table mountain for an amazing view .  travel off the beaten path to soak up south africa 's true cultur .
 south africa 's julius malema charged with money laundering <sec> new : the ruling party says the charge is not politically motivated .  the former youth leader is granted bail .  he is scheduled to return to court on november 30 .  malema , who helped bring the president to power in 2009 , enjoys wide suppor .
 italy convicts 'u.s . agents ' in cia kidnap trial <sec> suspected u.s. cia agents ordered jailed for seizing of suspected terrorist in milan .  americans are not in custody , but ruling could make them international fugitives .  case centered on `` extraordinary rendition '' of muslim cleric , who says he was tortured in egyp .
 thousands join london g-20 protest <sec> 20,000 people expected at put people first march ahead of g-20 summit .  police say protest expected to be peaceful .  authorities have warned of unprecedented demonstrations in week ahea .
 before they were stars : the early jobs of today 's biggest celebrities <sec> lady gaga got her start bussing tables at a diner in manhattan .  comedian aziz ansari worked as a dishwasher at a japanese hibachi restaurant .  amanda seyfried told jay leno that her first job was working as a waitress in a nursing hom .
 u.s. , israel discuss possible release of israeli spy <sec> jonathan pollard is serving a life sentence after a 1987 spying conviction .  the former u.s. intelligence analyst was convicted of spying for israel .  sources say the u.s. and israel are discussing his possible release .  if that happened , it would be part of efforts to save fragile middle east peace negotiation .
 reese witherspoon not pressing charges after car accident <sec> reese witherspoon suffered minor injuries and went home to recover .  the 84-year-old driver struck her as she was jogging wednesday .  the driver was cited for failing to yield to a pedestrian in a crosswal .
 the strangest race in formula one history ? <sec> the u.s. grand prix of 2005 was one of the bizarre races in formula one history .  14 cars sat out the race , with only ferrari , jordan and minardi taking to the track .  teams racing on michelin branded tires elected to not take part in the race .  formula one returns to the u.s. in austin , texas on november 1 .
 master storyteller brings folk tales to life <sec> jimi solanke is one of nigeria 's most public and prolific masters of performing arts .  the master storyteller achieved success with his two children 's tv shows .  solanke , 70 , has also been taking his acting into villages to train aspiring artist .
