 world cup : five star france thrashes switzerland <sec> france takes command of group e by crushing switzerland 5-2 in salvador .  karim benzema scores again for france and also added two assists .  france climbs to six points from two games , three more than switzerland .  ecuador collects first win in group by beating honduras 2-1 in curitib .
 files in quarterback 's sex assault probe to be released <sec> agents will release dozens of interviews conducted during probe .  ben roethlisberger was cleared of criminal charges .  quarterback still got six-game suspension from nf .
 ntsb : wheels , brakes did n't cause continental accident <sec> ntsb says early evidence does not point to tires , brakes or landing gear .  earlier report from cnn source suggested a potential problem .  captain was injured in accident and has n't been interviewed yet .  jet veered off runway into a 40-foot-deep ravine during its takeoff in denver saturda .
 judge sets $ 1 million bond for ohio kidnapping suspect <sec> matthew hoffman , 30 , is accused of abducting 13-year-old sarah maynard .  she was found bound and gagged in the basement of a home where he lives .  maynard 's brother , mother and family friend remain missing .  hoffman is not cooperating with the investigation , authorities sa .
 after days of hell , progress fighting wildfire near colorado springs <sec> new : at least three other significant wildfires are burning around colorado .  firefighters are `` optimistic '' after making inroads battling black forest fire in central colorado .  an official estimates 45 % containment , up from 5 % the previous morning .  473 structures have been destroyed , 17 partially damaged and two people have die .
 magnitude-7.2 earthquake strikes southern mexico <sec> `` there was no way not to feel it , '' a villager says .  the quake was centered an hour and a half northwest of acapulco .  the quake was a shallow 15 miles at the epicenter , the u.s. geological survey says .  a building was damaged in mexico city , 170 miles from quake 's epicente .
 more airlines embracing furry travelers <sec> most airlines allow small pets to ride in crates in the cabin for a fee .  pet airlines will fly to five cities , transporting pets only .  continental moved 270,000 pets in 2008 as part of its pet program .  allergist say pets flying in cabin is dangerous for some patient .
 australian missionary reportedly detained in north korea <sec> john short , 75 , had with him some gospel tracts , his wife says .  the australian government says it is aware of reports of his detention .  north korea is already holding a korean-american reported to have done missionary work .  the secretive regime does n't tolerate independent religious activitie .
 nascar driver waltrip 'racing for a reason ' <sec> nascar driver michael waltrip is racing a special car in sunday 's daytona 500 .  the car 's number will be changed to 26 for the 26 victims of the newtown massacre .  there will be a call to action for fans to text `` newtown to 80888 '' to make a $ 10 donation .  the daytona 500 is nascar 's biggest race and the start of the 2013 seaso .
 san diego mayor sued , called unfit for office <sec> new : san diego mayor says he 'll fight allegations , wo n't resign .  ex-spokeswoman says bob filner is unfit `` to hold any public office '' .  congresswoman says it 's time for filner to step down .  city attorney says filner will pay for his own lawye .
 attacks kill at least 42 in iraq on shiite religious holiday <sec> new : motorcycle bomb kills six in sunni neighborhood of baghdad .  blast near shiite mosque kills at least 30 in mosul .  three attacks target shiite pilgrims traveling through iraqi capital .  friday was end of shiite celebration of historic imam 's birt .
 kilian fischhuber : free-climbing star searching for ultimate high <sec> world-beating competition climber kilian fischhuber talks to cnn 's human to hero series .  austrian is a five-time bouldering world cup winner and reigning european champ .  boulderers are incredibly athletic and strong and climb with no ropes .  fischhuber one of few climbers to scale the famously difficult action directe sport clim .
 andy murray to step up comeback <sec> andy murray set to return to practice in miami next month .  the 26-year-old underwent back surgery in september .  world no.3 set to play in exhibition tournament in barbados .  murray hoping to be fit to play in brisbane at the end of decembe .
 chef giada de laurentiis to divorce <sec> giada de laurentiis and her husband have been separated since july .  they share a daughter .  de laurentiis is host of the daytime cooking show `` everyday italian .
 wal-mart worker dies in rush ; two killed at toy store <sec> 34-year-old was unlocking wal-mart 's doors when he was knocked down .  crowd had begun forming outside store as early as 9 p.m. thursday .  in unrelated incident , two men were shot dead in a toys `` r '' us in california .  officials say toy store shootings unrelated to shoppin .
 bishop eddie long must step down <sec> four lawsuits have been filed against bishop eddie long .  roland martin says bishop long has tremendous influence in the black church and beyond .  he says bishop long should step down to deal with the allegations .  martin : he should vigorously defend his name or admit the misdeeds if they happene .
 gadhafi : libya 's flamboyant , mercurial ruler <sec> moammar gadhafi has ruled libya for 42 years .  he took control in a bloodless coup with fellow military officers in 1969 .  his efforts at a larger world role have often brought harsh international attention to his natio .
 scientist : stem cells could end animal testing <sec> leading uk stem cell expert calls for embryonic stem cells to be used to test drugs .  using stem cells could reduce costs and flag up issues prior to clinical tests .  hopes for better funding in u.s. boosted by support of president-elect obam .
 pentagon : letting openly gay troops serve wo n't hurt military <sec> new : defense department says review is the most comprehensive policy study ever .  military brass appear before the senate armed services committee .  they are answering questions on a new pentagon report on the `` do n't ask , do n't tell '' law .  a year-long review says the impact of repeal would be limited and not long-lastin .
 cristobal inches closer to north carolina coast <sec> tropical storm cristobal `` very close '' to north carolina coast .  storm expected to dump three to five inches of rain along coast .  cristobal evolved saturday from a tropical depression on frida .
 now is the time to talk guns , mental illness <sec> roland martin : enough with our cowardice in dealing with gun control , mental illness .  martin : it 's time for action , and to be `` sick and tired of being sick and tired '' .  he says there is absolutely no reason why we need so many guns in america .  martin : we must also not avoid our responsibilities when it comes to the mentally il .
 police officer goes above and beyond to rescue dog <sec> a dog ran away from the scene of a car accident in pennsylvania on sunday .  police officer nick ague chased the dog for two miles and carried her back to her owner .  a photo posted on the department 's facebook page has more than 6,000 `` likes , '' 1,300 `` shares '' .  fellow patrol officer describes ague as `` big animal lover .
 diana 's memory lingers over royal engagement <sec> the engagement news is on the front page of every british newspaper .  many also mention that prince william proposed with diana 's ring .  royal author says the comparisons `` will never go away .
 opinion : meet alaska 's pioneer woman <sec> john sutter meets a pioneer of the women 's rights movement in alaska .  caren robinson once sheltered battered women in her houseboat in juneau .  she later would open one of the first women 's shelters in the state .  alaska is estimated to have the highest rate of reported rape in the countr .
 spacex dragon completes 1st commercial cargo flight <sec> u.s. companies are `` ready to step up to the plate , '' nasa chief says .  the dragon splashed down off baja california on sunday .  its return completes the first commercial space cargo mission .  the capsule carried up nearly 900 pounds of cargo and returned with about 1,70 .
 volvo ocean race : conquering the 'everest of sailing ' <sec> the volvo ocean race is 39000 nautical miles long .  it began in 1973 , then called the whitbred round the world race .  six crews left alicante , spain earlier this month on the first le .
 arrest made in auburn football player 's killing <sec> auburn police make arrest , file murder charge .  jakell mitchell , 18 , was a freshman football player .  he sat out this season to gain weight and prepare for 2015 .  he was a good receiver and runner , the auburn tigers sai .
 former nfl star aaron hernandez 's home seized <sec> former nfl star aaron hernandez 's massachusetts home is preliminarily seized .  a judge ordered the seizure while a wrongful death lawsuit against hernandez is pending .  patriots will not pay hernandez $ 3.25 million the nfl players association says he is owe .
 some international news media signals , websites blocked in china <sec> cnn.com is currently blocked in mainland china .  cnn international is selectively blacked out by the government when broadcast to mainland china .  authorities appear to be blocking the signal during reporting on wikileaks or the nobel peace prize winne .
 the great divide : little common ground with pro- and anti-gun forces <sec> the nra wants to staff every school in america with `` qualified armed security '' .  obama , democrats and others see tougher gun control as the way to limit future massacres .  while both sides want to keep children safe , it seems they are living in two different world .
 17 arrested in philadelphia drug case <sec> sinaloa drug cartel informer leads to arrests , officials say .  drug unit says it has seized almost $ 3 million in cocaine .  defendants range in age from early 20s to late 40s , officials sa .
 travelers returning from mexico should be cautious <sec> travelers with flu-like symptoms coming back from mexico should stay at home .  healthy travelers coming from mexico can continue to go to work and school .  there are more than 230 confirmed cases of swine flu worldwide , according to who .  companies and schools are erring on the side of safety asking people not to com .
 searchers look for bodies as japanese volcano spews gas <sec> new : bad weather halts search for more bodies on mount ontake .  of the 47 known victims , 42 bodies have now been identified , japanese police said .  mount ontake began erupting saturday , unleashing a cloud of ash that engulfed hikers .  seismologists warn that another big eruption could take place in the coming day .
 church plans to picket rocker dio 's memorial service <sec> church says it will picket singer dio 's memorial service .  public service will host donation center to raise money for cancer fund .  rocker died on may 16 after battle with stomach cancer .  dio fronted rainbow and black sabbat .
 company denies drug to dying child <sec> josh hardy is in critical condition at st. jude 's children 's research hospital .  there is a drug that may help him , but the drug company is refusing .  the company 's president says he has kids too and feels for josh 's family .  helping josh and others like him could slow efforts to get the drug on the marke .
 what causes dark under-eye circles ? <sec> bluish circles under your eyes can be due to oxygenated blood under the skin .  brown under-eye circles may be caused by hyperpigmentation .  sunscreen could be the key to banishing a panda-like visag .
 kenya sets march 2013 election date <sec> the general election will be the first since a disputed vote in 2007 resulted in ethnic violence .  kenya is currently run by a coalition government after a power-sharing deal .  kenya 's prime minister wanted an earlier election dat .
 gao : investigators pass security at 19 airports with bomb parts <sec> gao : investigators took advantage of `` weaknesses in tsa procedures '' .  gao : those `` weaknesses '' were not detailed for security reasons .  gao said terrorists using same items could seriously compromise a flight .  transportation security administration : checkpoints only part of total securit .
 wi-fi coming to international flights <sec> united to become first u.s. airline to provide internet on intercontinental flights .  wi-fi is already available on many domestic flights but is constrained by geography .  united is installing satellite-based internet on its planes , a more expensive optio .
 ireland 's west coast welcomes winter visitors <sec> dingle , ireland , called `` most beautiful place on earth '' by national geographic .  escape summer crowds by traveling to dingle peninsula during winter months .  cottage rentals are cheaper in winter , and periods are more flexible .  winter temperatures in western ireland average 46 degrees f ( 7 celsius .
 small plane crashes near high school football field <sec> plane crashes near football scrimmage at ohio high school .  witness says plane was headed toward field when it did a sudden nosedive .  two people on board died in the crash , authorities sa .
 in tillman 's story , echoes of a daughter 's pain <sec> karen spears zacharias said she relates to tillman parents , who spoke with larry king .  her father was killed by a fellow soldier in vietnam , she says .  military should have put its energy into finding the truth about tillman 's death , she says .  zacharias : truth would have allowed tillman 's parents to put their son to res .
 anthony ozimic : 'no unborn child is unworthy of legal protection ' <sec> spain 's proposed abortion law would restrict abortion to rape victims or women who would suffer lasting harm .  anthony ozimic says no unborn child is unworthy of legal protection against abortion .  having an abortion does not `` unrape '' a rape victim , he says , or cure an illness .  ozimic says if unborn children are human beings , then abortion is spain 's leading cause of deat .
 sources : nigerian airstrike kills 37 mourners in niger <sec> nigeria denies it flew any sorties in the area on day in question .  security source says it was an accident as target was boko haram militants .  resident who helped bury dead says 37 people were kille .
 report : pinterest is third most-visited social site <sec> pinterest is now the third most popular online social network , a report says .  only facebook and twitter get more traffic than the `` pinning '' site .  president barack obama recently joined pinterest .  the ranking does n't include mobile traffi .
 hepworth sculpture stolen amid metal theft 'epidemic ' <sec> bronze artwork by sculptor barbara hepworth stolen from park in london .  art expert says it was likely sold for scrap for just a few hundred pounds .  demand for metals has led to thefts from railways , phone lines and war memorials .  politicians are facing calls to increase controls on scrap metal dealers to counter theft .
 opinion : why cops should back immigration reform <sec> george gascon : law enforcement should lend support to immigration reform .  he says immigrants less likely to report if they are victims of crimes if they fear police .  when he was top cop in mesa , arizona , he built trust with immigrants ; crime rate fell .  gascon : secure borders key , but at the same time u.s. needs path to citizenshi .
 u.s. says al qaeda in the arabian peninsula behind cargo terror plot <sec> new : yemeni authorities call off operations to search for aqap in mountains .  a senior u.s. official says al qaeda in the arabian peninsula `` has been open in its venom '' .  president obama says u.s. is working with yemen to combat this al qaeda affiliate .  the group is known for targeting western interests in yemen , saudi arabia and beyon .
 obsessions : crying at the movies <sec> based on a true story , `` the vow '' opens in theaters on friday .  `` ( movies ) allow us to experience strong emotions in safe places '' .  mcadams and tatum have admitted to having movie-induced sob sessions in the pas .
 what 's next in the michael brown case ? <sec> a grand jury is considering whether to bring charges against officer darren wilson .  `` it 's very tough to convict an officer , '' a retired chief deputy u.s. marshal says .  the officer will have to `` explain a reason for each of those six shots , '' a legal analyst says .  a federal civil rights investigation is also underwa .
 beau biden suffers apparent mild stroke , doctor says <sec> new : beau biden is expected to be transferred to philadelphia hospital later tuesday .  doctors believe biden , 41 , suffered a mild stroke , but is expected to make a full recovery .  biden , 41 , was elected as delaware 's attorney general in 2006 .  he is the son of vice president joe bide .
 shutdown drama builds in congress <sec> congress must pass legislation by dec. 11 to avoid a government shutdown .  conservatives are pushing back on a plan from speaker boehner .  house vote likely coming next wee .
 real life 'slumdog ' slum to be demolished <sec> dharavi , in the heart of mumbai , is one of the biggest slums in the world .  the massive redevelopment of dharavi could begin within six months .  57,000 families will be rehoused on site , but many others will have to move on .  scheme is `` a model that can be used to rehabilitate slums around the world .
 is this the 'safest bridge in america ? ' <sec> 3 years after minneapolis bridge collapse , replacement bridge boasts high-tech safety .  bridge designer : `` there 's a lot of truth '' to speculation the new bridge is nation 's safest .  13 people killed in august 1 , 2007 , collapse raised safety concerns about u.s. bridges .  feds : one in four bridges are still structurally deficient or functionally obsolet .
 238 rescued in papua new guinea ferry sinking ; dozens unaccounted for <sec> new : vessel is about 3,280 feet below the surface .  rescuers have recovered 238 people from the sea , australians officials say .  about 10 life rafts carrying passengers were visible soon after the ferry sank , a witness says .  the passenger ship sank off papua new guinea with about 350 people aboar .
 10 years of viagra : what the blue pill could n't cure <sec> viagra helped 25 million men with erectile dysfunction and bring awareness .  blue pill considered a huge step in understanding human sexuality , cultural attitudes .  ed indicates other health issues and that blood vessels are n't working well .  viagra is n't a cure-all , some sex problems are indicative of relationship problem .
 vitali klitschko : i 'll fight haye anywhere <sec> world heavyweight champion vitali klitschko tells cnn he will fight david haye anywhere .  wbc champion proposes a 50-50 split in income from any potential fight .  haye destroyed audley harrison to retain his wba crown on saturday .  klitschko says he wants to prove he is stronger than haye and says he will knock him ou .
 brain scan may reveal risk for alzheimer 's disease <sec> key structural changes seen in brain scans of some patients with memory loss .  one year later , many patients with brain changes had developed alzheimer 's .  memory-loss patients without these changes were mostly stable one year later .  brain scans could identify who gets alzheimer 's , help with drug testin .
 6 must-have apps for the iphone 6 <sec> iphone 6 and 6 plus go on sale friday .  both offer iphone users bigger screens and new features .  games taking advantage of screen size will include vainglory , asphalt .
 sect leader warns of 'death ' to 'those who prosecute the church ' <sec> new : warren jeffs vows a `` judgment '' against those who `` prosecute ( his ) church '' .  new : the texas judge warns him against calling `` for the jury 's destruction '' .  new : the jury , which will decide if he 's guilty of sexual assault , is n't present at the time .  representing himself , the polygamous sect leader touts religious freedo .
 embassies face decisions as tensions rise in north korea <sec> new : france does not plan to evacuate staff .  a u.s. official confirms reports that north korea has loaded a pair of missiles into launchers .  communications suggest a north korea missile launch is a possibility , a u.s. official says .  state department : `` this does not need to get hotter .
 opinion : in ted cruz v. paul ryan , ryan is the winner <sec> s.e . .  cupp : paul ryan 's proposal on entitlements has been attacked by ted cruz backers .  she says ryan is pursuing the worthy goal of reforming entitlement programs .  cupp supports cruz 's effort to defund obamacare but says ryan 's plan is n't in conflict .  she says gop should n't get locked into internal battle over tactic .
 why copenhagen zoo was right to cull giraffe <sec> the copenhagen zoo is an institution of the european association of zoos and aquaria .  eaza monitors breeding closely and prioritizes the protection of species , writes lesley dickie .  in rare cases , animals must be removed by management euthanasia , he says .  dickie : in-breeding is a serious problem that can increase susceptibility to diseas .
 egypt court grants retrial to al jazeera journalists <sec> `` it 's the epitome of injustice what happened , '' says brother of one jailed journalist .  al jazeera urges egyptian authorities to move quickly to a retrial .  `` this was not good as we hoped for , '' says mother of journalist peter greste .  egypt 's highest court has accepted the appeal of three jailed journalist .
