 who are the three women freed in cleveland ? <sec> amanda berry tells relatives she 's fine , a 6-year-old freed is her daughter .  a brother says gina dejesus `` liked to dance a lot , crack jokes '' .  michelle knight , now 32 , was reported missing in 2002 .  all 3 were allegedly held captive until monday inside a cleveland hom .
 states - and victims - grapple with 'upskirt ' laws against voyeurism <sec> subject of modern-day peeping toms brought to light by massachusetts court ruling .  voyeurs engage in disturbing practice of `` upskirting '' and `` downblousing '' .  photos are taken with smartphones and other high-tech gadgetry .  victims often do not know they are subjects of revealing photo .
 clinton 's top strategist quits <sec> mark penn is ceo of public relations giant burson-marsteller .  penn met with colombia ambassador over trade pact .  colombia fired penn 's company on saturday .  penn will continue to have advisory role in campaig .
 3 doors down bassist todd harrell charged with dui <sec> police found todd harrell `` slumped over the steering wheel '' at an intersection .  harrell `` showed signs of impairment , '' police say .  the musician still faces a vehicular homicide charge in nashville from a crash last year .  3 doors down may be best known for its song `` kryptonite .
 house dems : focus on 'all the single ladies ' <sec> party officials recognize that dem chances of retaking the house are remote at best .  but they 're recruiting women candidates in many competitive districts to win over some gop seats .  recently , these candidates visited washington to raise money and meet with vp joe bide .
 vermont soldier dies in afghanistan bombing <sec> soldier , 25 , dies when military vehicle hit roadside bomb .  spc . .  ryan j. grady received purple heart for wounds he suffered during iraq deployment .  he leaves behind his parents , brothers , a wife and a daughte .
 why do cain adultery allegations stick more than harassment charges ? <sec> barbara risman : why do cain adultery accusations seem to stick , but not harassment ones ? .  she says men dismiss harassment because of worry about own workplace actions .  she says adultery hurts the spouse ; harassment hurts every woman in a workplace .  risman : we will have a real post-feminist era when workers all treat colleagues the same wa .
 aid worker : shelling kills 378 civilians in 'no-fire ' zone <sec> new : government shelling also wounds 1,200 , aid worker says .  2,000 were `` feared dead , '' many of them women and children , rebels say .  sri lanka denies rebel claims that troops indiscriminately shelled no-fire zone .  government says troops advance into rebel-held area .
 you say you want a revolution ? run for office <sec> paul sracic says if occupy wall streeters want change , they should run for office .  he says demonstrating in a park wo n't do anything about corporate power in u.s . .  he says protesters want inclusion , consensus , but they have it ; it 's called democracy .  sracic : rallies are fun ; running for office not as much . .  to change u.s. , get in gam .
 the african union : what you need to know <sec> the african union 's cease-fire proposal was rejected by the libyan opposition monday .  the organization was created nearly 10 years ago with moammar gadhafi 's help .  the african union has provided the continent with a diplomatic and economic boost .  but some experts say its history with gadhafi creates a conflict of interes .
 chris meadows -- living golf 's coach <sec> chris meadows has worked with some of golf 's big names .  he has personally coached more than 100,000 golfers .  chris was made an advanced fellow of the pg .
 shop on thanksgiving ? no thanks <sec> big-box stores are stealing thanksgiving , and their workers are n't happy , judy ancel says .  a petition to prevent target stores from opening at midnight has 192,000 signatures .  ancel : if these workers had unions , companies would have to negotiate schedule changes .  show some leadership , appeal to something besides greed and reverse the trend , ancel say .
 wisconsin governor defiant amid protests , issues flare in other states <sec> new : indiana democratic legislators stay out of state in protest of budget bill .  new : negotiations between republicans and democrats are at a virtual stand-still .  new : in ohio , a senate hearing on collective bargaining and budget cuts is set for tuesday .  new : wisconsin governor 's aide says obama remarks are a `` misunderstanding .
 u.s. army veteran in colombia feels like he 's caught in a no-fly trap <sec> raymond earl knaeble has not been allowed to fly home from colombia .  he says he has been given no reason , but thinks he is on the u.s. no-fly list .  in 2008 he converted to islam , which he calls `` a religion of peace '' .  he and nine others have filed a lawsuit against three u.s. official .
 pushing netanyahu one of obama 's 'bulworth ' desires - cnnpolitics.com <sec> new book from former top adviser to president obama reveals the president wanted to be tougher on israeli prime minister benjamin netanyahu .  obama `` felt he had pulled his punches with netanyahu to avoid antagonizing elements of the american jewish community , '' david axelrod writes in new book . .  obama-netanyahu tensions have exploded into public view in recent weeks , with netanyahu coming to speak to congress , contrary to obama 's desire .
 iranian father and son make music to bridge gap <sec> hafez nazeri and his father shahrem play hybrid of iranian and western music .  they played for enthusiastic crowd at carnegie hall on saturday night .  son says he wants to show `` another dimension of iran ... to the western people '' .  nazeris ' music based on 13th-century persian poet and philosopher rum .
 terror alert spurs extra screening of cargo flown into u.s . <sec> cargo entering the u.s. from europe , the middle east and africa is under more scrutiny .  `` redundant , dual screening '' is under way , says a cargo industry expert .  stricter screening prompted by threats that have closed u.s. embassies , consulate .
 china quake kills at least 25 <sec> new : death and injury toll increase .  the 5.4-magnitude earthquake hits near the myanmar border .  scores of people are injured , the civil affairs ministry says .  rescuers scramble to reach trapped resident .
 material stops 2,000-degree fires -- but not in california <sec> an eco-friendly masonry material can withstand a 2,000-degree fire for four hours .  advocates say it may have saved some of the 80 homes destroyed in a recent wildfire .  but the product is banned in california because it has n't passed seismic tests .  the material also is impervious to termites and is bulletproof and waterproo .
 commentary : my father , george wallace , and barack obama <sec> peggy wallace kennedy : my dad , george wallace , might have backed barack obama .  ex-segregationist wallace sought absolution for his earlier views , daughter says .  she says obama will help heal the nation after wounds of katrina and iraq wa .
 obama 's thanksgiving message cites need for bipartisan cooperation <sec> the president uses his weekly address to wish americans a happy thanksgiving .  obama calls the holiday one of counting blessings and helping others .  the first family helped distribute thanksgiving food packages on wednesda .
 let 's kill the progressive tax rate system <sec> dorothy brown : we live with the myth that we have a progressive tax system .  in fact , she says , people like mitt romney , barack obama pay at lower rates than secretaries .  she says the low flat rate on dividends and capital gains protects the wealthy .  brown : getting rid of the progressive tax brackets is a step toward a fairer syste .
 obamacare 's coverage gap : the poor caught in between <sec> some earn too much money to qualify for medicaid , but not enough to obtain aca subsidies .  26 states decided not to expand medicaid after the supreme court 's decision .  those who ca n't get medicaid or subsidies wo n't pay a fine for not having health insuranc .
 police : teens had 70 boxes of ammo belonging to u.s. air marshals <sec> 70 boxes of ammunition are discovered in an early sunday morning search .  the ammunition was found in a parked vehicle in baltimore .  three teenagers , including an 18-year-old driver , were inside the vehicle , police said .  charges have been filed against all suspect .
 cnn student news - september 30 , 2013 <sec> this page includes the show transcript , the daily curriculum , and maps .  use the transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary .  the daily curriculum offers the media literacy question of the day , key concepts , fast facts and discussion questions .  at the bottom of the page , please share your feedback about our show and curriculu .
 college women told to urinate or vomit to deter a rapist <sec> the list was billed as last resort to deter a rape .  conservative blogger michelle malkin criticized the list .  the university took the list down and apologize .
 foo fighters drummer will play iggy pop in 'cbgb ' <sec> taylor hawkins will portray iggy pop in the forthcoming film `` cbgb '' .  he has had comedic roles in a handful of foo fighters videos .  it 's unclear how substantial the role will b .
 even after rescue , survivors struggle to come to grips with disaster <sec> a woman rescued from a ishinomaki building says , `` i 'm so scared -- i am panicked '' .  she , like many others , have not been able to locate loved ones after the tsunami .  rescue teams in rowboats have brought in hundreds of survivors in that city alone .  japan 's prime minister has said at least 15,000 have been rescued , a report say .
 murray marches into quarterfinals in tokyo ; djokovic improves <sec> andy murray charges into quarterfinals of japan open .  defending champions needs less than an hour to beat lukas lacko .  novak djokovic wins second round match at china open .  marai sharapova progresses in wta tournament in beijin .
 somali piracy threatens trade , boosts terrorists , analysts say <sec> sixty ships had been attacked by pirates in 2008 , according to institute report .  pirates want $ 20 million to release ukrainian ship captured off somalia .  institute says piracy has halted flow of much-needed food into somali .
 check in : world 's best airport hotels <sec> travelers look for proximity and convenience in airport hotels .  these 10 hotels add style and luxury amenities to the airport hotel experience .  skytrax named the top airport hotels earlier this mont .
 cnn student news transcript : february 15 , 2011 <sec> examine president obama 's proposed 2012 budget and the reactions to it .  consider the results of a study about caffeine in some energy drinks .  find out how japan is affected by china 's growing economic strength .  use the daily discussion to help students understand today 's featured news storie .
 nba cancels first two weeks of season <sec> new : the player 's association says owners are more dug in than in the past .  the commissioner says the sides are far apart , and no new talks are scheduled .  the league 's owners began a lockout of its players in early july .  sides are deadlocked over salaries , revenue sharin .
 four things the locked out nfl referees , league are still negotiating <sec> there are 121 officials locked out by the national football league .  they disagree with league on how much should be added to compensation pool each year .  the league wants a 401k , officials want to stick with a pension .  league wants to add 21 more officials but not everyone would work each wee .
 first lady meets with victims , families of sikh temple shooting <sec> michelle obama meets a victim who survived a chest wound .  she also meets temple secretary , town 's mayor .  obama says she wanted to lend her support .  six people were killed in the attack ; four were wounde .
 ex-egyptian spy chief suleiman changes mind , enters presidential race <sec> new : `` it 's not acceptable '' a mubarak insider is president , a muslim brotherhood figure says .  new : 15 are hurt in an `` attack '' on a pro-suleiman crowd , state news reports .  omar suleiman says he 'll run for president of egypt , reversing an earlier decision .  he served as intelligence chief and vice president under president hosni mubara .
 mazembe through to face internacional <sec> african champions tp mazembe englebert through to semifinals of world club cup .  the congolese side claim a 1-0 victory over mexican outfit pachuca .  mazembe will now face south american champions internacional for a final plac .
 snowy owls injured by jet downdrafts are back in the wild <sec> pair of snowy owls released to wild after rehab at clinic .  they were injured by downdrafts at logan airport in boston .  birds will head north from a barrier island in northeast massachusett .
 opinion : speech aims to keep heat on syria <sec> frida ghitis : obama went into speech with syria situation in new flux ; was mildly successful .  she says he saved talk of diplomatic plan till after he described gassing of kids .  she says this because clearing syria 's chemical weapons could fall through , as assad buys time .  ghitis : if diplomacy restores `` red line , '' obama 's threat will show threat of consequences matter .
 romney talks 2016 , tv and his dancer 's legs <sec> former candidate mitt romney insists a 2016 presidential run is n't in the cards .  instead , he says former florida gov . .  jeb bush could be a `` terrific president '' .  romney dishes on his favorite tv show , his grandchildren and his `` best compliment .
 slain model never told mother figure of her marriage <sec> gwendolyn beauregard says she had mother-daughter relationship with slain model .  beauregard says jasmine fiore kept her in dark about marriage to ryan jenkins .  jenkins , fiore got annulment ; he 's the suspect in her gruesome slaying .  criminal profiler says slaying 's details showed this was not act of serial kille .
 is hong kong 's 'umbrella movement ' dead and buried ? <sec> the main pro-democracy protest camp was cleared on thursday .  banners and posters proclaimed `` we 'll be back , '' .  hong kong and beijing need to understand why so many demonstrate .
 iraq approves new government ; al-maliki becomes vp <sec> new : u.n. secretary-general 's spokesman hails `` positive step towards political stability '' .  nuri al-maliki is now one of iraq 's three vice presidents .  parliament approves a new government , but several key cabinet posts are vacant .  kerry : new iraqi government is `` unquestionably a major milestone .
 life goes on despite uncertainty in japan 's disaster-hit fukushima <sec> takashi suzuki surfs in water near crippled fukushima nuclear plant in japan .  says he believes the risk is low but would n't allow his children to swim in the water .  he lost his fishing business in the aftermath of the 2011 tsunami and reactor meltdowns .  many people in the region are in limbo after being denied the chance to return hom .
 murdoch paper admits phone hacking as victim rejects payout <sec> britiain 's news of the world `` apologizes unreservedly '' for `` unacceptable '' activity .  celebrities including sienna miller are suing the paper 's owner news international .  one victim rejects the offer of compensation , her lawyer says .  rupert murdoch also owns the wall street journal , fox news , and times of londo .
 a dangerous journey for mexican bus drivers <sec> buses traveling through northeast mexico face dangerous situations .  bus drivers report assaults , crossfire and finding bodies .  criminals extort them in exchange for safe passag .
 ten life lessons for the royal baby ... from 'game of thrones ' <sec> ew offers the new royal a bit of advice .  `` thrones '' is set in westeros , which is basically england in the middle ages .  basically , do n't trust anyon .
 'slumdog ' scoops seven awards at wet baftas <sec> `` slumdog millionaire '' wins seven prizes at british film awards .  mickey rourke named best actor ; kate winslet named best actress .  penelope cruz , late heath ledger win supporting actor award .
 who : e. coli death toll rises to 35 <sec> health officials say the cause of contamination is still unclear .  all but one of the deaths are in germany .  the number of cases is at 3,256 .  the infection has been traced to a lower saxony produce .
 demonstrations spread in nepal after rape case <sec> protesters call for change in nepal , raising similar issues as in india .  a migrant worker was detained at an airport , then robbed and raped , her lawyer says .  an airport police officer has been charged with rap .
 250 putin protesters , russian opposition leader arrested at rallies <sec> at least 250 people are arrested in a second day of demonstrations , police say .  an opposition leader is arrested at the rally , organized on facebook .  analyst : `` the real surprise is the number of people who went out the street '' .  vladimir putin 's party will have 238 seats , down from more than 300 , officials sa .
 north carolina shuts abortion clinic in asheville <sec> the state cites 23 violations of regulations at a clinic in asheville .  the clinic says it expects to be in compliance soon .  state agency says suspension was not related to a new law for abortion clinic .
 f1 : 2014 grand prix of america is off , says bernie ecclestone <sec> the inaugural grand prix of america will not take place in 2014 , says f1 boss .  bernie ecclestone says race organizers have been unable to raise funding .  new jersey race had been originally scheduled for this year , but was canceled .  sebastian vettel fastest in first practice sessions for belgian grand pri .
 zimmerman bond hearing set for friday <sec> new : a bond hearing for george zimmerman has been set for friday .  judge jessica recksiedler approves a motion removing her from the case .  the judge 's husband is a law partner of a cnn legal analyst .  chief judge orders that judge kenneth lester jr. be appointed to presid .
 commentary : the sunflower boy 's smile <sec> a boy in indiana saved his prized sunflower after a windstorm .  the family entered the flower in a contest after the boy died .  seeds of that sunflower will grow in his memorial garde .
 clinton : bad for a candidate to dodge questions in iowa <sec> new : at a second event of the day , hillary clinton jokingly hints at her presidential ambitions .  clinton slams senate hopeful joni ernst for not attending newspaper editorial meeting .  democrat bruce braley `` has been willing to do this and his opponent has not , '' clinton say .
 opinion : why fbi and cia did n't connect the dots <sec> fbi , cia criticized for not keeping better track of tamerlan tsarnaev before attack .  bruce schneier : connecting the dots seems easy in hindsight , but in real life , it 's not .  he says there are an enormous number of potential bad guys .  schneier : if a terrorist plot succeeds , it does n't mean law enforcement systems faile .
 california woman denise huskins found safe <sec> police say case is still being treated as a kidnapping for ransom .  father of missing woman tells newspaper she called him from his apartment .  abductors seized denise huskins on monday , her boyfriend told authoritie .
 ghana 's ancient beads back in vogue <sec> young ghanaians are rediscovering traditional beads .  the government is trying to promote the country 's bead industry .  some beads are made from recycled materials , including glass bottle .
 tamir rice 's sister handcuffed after shooting , mom says <sec> tamir rice ' s mother said police threatened her when she arrived at scene of son 's shooting .  tamir , 12 , was shot when , police say , he reached for a toy gun in his waistband in november .  mother tells reporters how two little boys delivered the news that police had shot tamir .  attorneys urge cleveland to charge police , not follow brown , garner grand jury model .
 school bullying activist : i know the terror phoebe felt <sec> jodee blanco was so bullied at school , she has dedicated her life to stamping it out .  blanco asks why it takes tragedy like phoebe prince 's suicide to get attention .  millions of students are suffering , crying out for help but unheard , she writes .  blanco says jeers , whispers , shoves hurt someone for life and offers ways to stop i .
 jackie chan 's son convicted on drug charge <sec> son of jackie chan convicted on drug charge in china .  jaycee chan tested positive for marijuana in august .  his father was named anti-drugs ambassador in china in 200 .
 student 's mom : 'we are trying to find you ' <sec> morgan harrington was separated from friends at metallica concert on october 17 .  a $ 150,000 reward is being offered for information ; 350 tips have come in .  woman fitting 20-year-old virginia tech student 's description spotted by bridge .  harrington 's purse , cell phone found next day in overflow parking lot near aren .
 ledger fans demand the joker retired from film <sec> heath ledger fans are calling for the joker to be removed from future batman films .  they launched a petition at new web site , the ultimate joker , last week .  ledger 's joker in christopher nolan 's `` the dark knight '' received rave reviews .  ledger who died in 2008 has been nominated for an oscar for the rol .
