 columbia student accused of rape sues the school <sec> paul nungesser says he was target of gender-based harassment campaign .  the case drew national attention after his accuser started carrying a mattress around campu .
 why china will struggle to end organ harvesting from executed prisoners <sec> china says it will end organ transplants from executed prisoners from january 1 .  traditional beliefs discourage organ donation in china and rates are very low .  donors are also put off by fears their organs may end up traded for profit .  cultural beliefs make it difficult to end the reliance on convicts ' organ .
 8 things you should know before building a mobile app <sec> making an app will cost you , at the very minimum , around $ 10,000 .  $ 1.99 is premium price , but it 's also immensely satisfying to get more than a buck per download .  consider also producing an embeddable youtube or vimeo ad of some sor .
 california senate passes tougher sentencing laws for sex offenders <sec> bill calls for life without parole , lifetime gps monitoring for certain crimes against minors .  chelsea 's law named after high school student who was murdered by sex offender .  bill goes to state assembly next week for a vote .  critics say bill puts burden on taxpayers , takes blanket approach to sex offender treatmen .
 steve jobs praised as apple 's visionary , creative genius <sec> columnist : steve jobs `` one of the great innovators in the history of modern capitalism '' .  jobs co-founded apple with steve wozniak in 1976 , building their first computer in a garage .  `` he did what a ceo should : hired and inspired great people , '' columnist says .  company has sold more than 275 million ipods , 100 million iphones and 25 million ipad .
 your health care is covered , but who 's going to treat you ? <sec> american medical association expresses concern over physician shortage .  estimates say there will be a shortage of 63,000 doctors by 2015 .  shortages due to lack of funding for residency programs and baby boomer .
 minions carry justin bieber up great wall of china <sec> photos showing justin bieber on shoulders of bodyguards at great wall of china invoke mockery around globe .  chinese tv compares bieber to a toddler wearing open-backed toilet-training pants .  the singer performed in beijing on september 29 as part of his world tou .
 russian punk band pussy riot gets celebrity backing <sec> three members of pussy riot are on trial , facing a potential seven-year sentence .  they sang an anti-putin song in moscow 's christ savior cathedral .  alex kapranos of franz ferdinand and pete townshend of the who want them set free .  their open letter comes as vladimir putin visits londo .
 christina applegate : why i had a double mastectomy <sec> christina applegate opens up about her decision to remove both breasts .  applegate stars in comedy series `` samantha who ? '' .  actress ' test results for brca gene -- `` breast cancer gene '' -- were positive .  `` i have taken a very progressive stance in the rest of my life , '' she say .
 nasa orbiters are ok after comet close call on mars <sec> siding spring came within 87,000 miles of mars -- close for a comet flyby .  nasa protected its spacecraft orbiting the planet by having them hide .  the first of three nasa orbiters reported to be in good healt .
 women whose hunches changed -- or saved -- their lives <sec> during a trip to jamaica , maryam dilakian recognized her soon-to-be son after one smile .  trisha coburn 's dreams led her to push doctors to discover her colon cancer .  writer stephanie pearson got an urge to leave her companions to avoid potential dange .
 cnn/youtube debate questions : which ones will make the cut ? <sec> cnn team choosing which youtube questions will be asked at debate .  questions are more personalized than the questions journalists would ask .  candidates may be challenged by questions outside of their `` comfort zones '' .  democrats to debate monday at 7 p.m . .  et , republicans do so in septembe .
 election-year travel so elegant , you 'll swear a lobbyist paid for it <sec> visit the swing state of ohio and the u.s. capital to learn about election issues .  the fun at the mayflower hotel includes a night in the red or blue suite and a limousine tour .  those with election fatigue can ask the fairmont scottsdale princess hotel to block all new .
 drogba arrives in shanghai , insists move is not about money <sec> former chelsea striker didier drogba is reported to be earning $ 300,000 a week in china .  drogba says he has not made the move to retire , and wants to be a champion .  critics describe the luring of top players to china as vanity projects .  `` the most important thing is that i come here to help chinese football , '' drogba sai .
 review : 'the watch ' an uneven riff on suburban insecurities <sec> `` the watch '' stars ben stiller , vince vaughn and jonah hill .  movie is `` your typical buddy comedy sci-fi paranoia thriller , '' reviewer tom charity says .  seth rogen and evan goldberg from `` superbad '' are among the screenwriter .
 isis releases christian hostages -- but why ? <sec> isis released 19 assyrian christians on sunday and plans to release 10 more .  the sudden reversal has puzzled man .
 lawyers of boston bombing suspect want prison restrictions lifted <sec> lawyers say dzhokhar tsarnaev is `` in near total isolation '' .  they also say he 's is banned from praying with other inmates and is rarely allowed outside cell .  u.s. attorney : restrictions necessary because of his `` continued desire to incite '' .  his lawyers accuse the government of trying to limit attorney-client interactio .
 f1 urged to rethink bahrain grand prix as protests continue <sec> calls for motorsport officials to rethink running of bahrain grand prix later this month .  british member of parliament says event should not have been scheduled so early in season .  former world champion damon hill says running race could cause more problems that it solves .  race scheduled to take place on april 2 .
 would jeb bush 's biggest problem in 2016 be another bush ? <sec> jeb bush is openly discussing his thinking on a run for the white house in 2016 .  bush skipped republican presidential nomination bids in 2008 and 2012 .  jeb bush could be facing a member of another famous political family -- hillary clinton .  both of jeb bush 's sons are considering runs for public offic .
 wonder woman , aquaman and more headed to theaters <sec> `` wonder woman '' is one of many new dc comics based films announced wednesday .  j.k. rowling 's `` fantastic beasts '' will be a trilogy in the second half of this decade .  `` lego movie '' will have two follow-up .
 nba rookie royce white battles anxiety disorder and fear of flying <sec> royce white , a rookie with the houston rockets , suffers from anxiety disorder .  he missed the first week of training camp , reportedly due to his fear of flying .  white is open about his condition , speaks to others with mental health issues .  he plans to fulfill his obligations to the rockets , despite his challenge .
 senators : benghazi attack 'likely preventable ' <sec> the 2012 attack on the u.s. diplomatic facility killed four americans .  it has become a political flashpoint over security preparations , intelligence , response .  senate committee report notes 15 people cooperating with fbi probe were killed .  also , people with al qaeda-related groups participated in the armed assaul .
 green donors warn obama : 'do the right thing ' on keystone pipeline <sec> campaign donors to obama : stop oil pipeline .  supporters say keystone pipeline is good for the economy .  pipeline threatens groundwater , opponents say .  campaign : obama has done more to transition to clean energ .
 florida family hopes dui tragedy will help prevent others <sec> roy mcconnell , three sons were killed in a crash in st. petersburg saturday night .  the men 's wives say they waited up for them , hoping they were ok .  family members urged people to think of their experience and not drink and drive .  demetrius jordan has been charged with 4 counts of dui manslaughte .
 ultimate japan wagyu beef guide <sec> wagyu , which means `` japanese cow , '' is considered the caviar of beef in japan .  the striking characteristic of wagyu beef is its pervasive marbling .  wagyu beef and kobe beef are not the same thin .
 the secret to beating tiger ? ask butch <sec> tiger woods ' ex-coach butch harmon gave phil mickelson tips on how to beat him .  harmon worked with woods for eight of his 14 major triumphs between 1993 and 2004 .  the coach has been working with four-time major winner mickelson since 2007 .  mickelson has bettered woods eight times since working with harmo .
 final harkin steak fry comes with a helping of politics <sec> harkin steak fry is a must-attend event for democratic candidates in iowa .  this year 's steak fry will be the last after 42 years .  hillary clinton is headlining the event . .  it takes place on a field in indianola , 30 minutes south of des moine .
 ahmadinejad : no guarantee on rival 's safety <sec> iran 's president declines to guarantee safety of defeated rival mir hossein moussavi .  disputed election results spark mass protests throughout tehran .  conflicting reports on whether moussavi is under house arres .
 marathon spelling bee ends in a tie <sec> sophia hoffman , kush sharma are competing for a spot in the scripps national spelling bee .  they went more than 60 rounds in a contest that was called after organizers ran out of words .  sophia : `` kush worked really hard . .  i wish we could both go ( to the national competition ) .
 kiefer quits tennis to focus on family <sec> nicolas kiefer retires from professional tennis at the age of 33 .  former world number four wants to spend more time with his partner and baby daughter .  german is currently ranked 722 after suffering wrist problems over the last couple of years .  kiefer reached semifinals of australian open and won an olympic silver medal in double .
 iranian speaker calls for detainee rape probe <sec> parliamentary speaker wants inquiry into allegations detainees were raped in prison .  more than 1,000 arrested in protests following recent presidential elections .  iran 's intelligence ministry warns media over publishing `` classified data '' .  warning came after media reported purge of four senior intelligence official .
 arizona mourns judge killed in mass shooting <sec> new : u.s. senators propose naming a planned federal courthouse after judge roll .  roll 's funeral comes a day after the service for the youngest victim .  roll was arizona 's chief federal judge .  six people were killed in the arizona shooting rampag .
 what i learned from freediving with great white sharks <sec> andre hartman is a south african shark expert .  today he works with tours providing his shark knowledge to tourists .  for decades he freedived with great white sharks until a stroke left him unable to swi .
 nfl contemplates on-pitch penalties for derogatory slurs <sec> nfl committee to decide on whether to punish slurs with on-pitch penalties .  team guilty of abusive language would be penalized 15 yards .  decision to change rules could take place as early as next month .  mooted change follows miami dolphins scandal of last yea .
 tea party favorites win gop primaries in delaware , new york <sec> victories by o'donnell , paladino raise questions over republican unity .  o'donnell says she can win without support of national republicans .  veteran rangel wins primary despite allegations of ethics violations .  tuesday was the last major primary day before the november election .
 report : top al qaeda leader killed <sec> abu sufyan al-azdi was deputy leader of al qaeda in the arabian peninsula .  a prominent jihadist announces his death .  three senior yemeni defense officials , however , say they ca n't confirm it .  al-azdi was one of the most wanted men in saudi arabi .
 car bombings kill at least 28 in baghdad <sec> police : at least nine car combs detonate in shiite neighborhoods in baghdad .  the bombings come after two days in which dozens were killed in various attacks in iraq .  u.n. : more than 5,000 civilians have been killed in iraq so far this yea .
 10 business e-mails you should n't send <sec> stick to helvetica and people will remember your sentiment instead of your typeface .  do n't ramble -- you have about three sentences to get a co-worker 's attention .  do you have important news ? .  then say so in your subject line .  do n't conduct business over facebook , which is for play tim .
 diplomatic missions close amid fear of more protests <sec> new : protesters against film and cartoon set fire to two movie theaters in peshawar , pakistan .  tunisia bans protests friday , a week after four people were killed in demonstrations .  diplomatic facilities closed in indonesia and sudan .  teachers led young children in an anti-u.s. protest in karachi on thursda .
 big changes coming to iphone messaging <sec> apple 's ios 8 will bring big changes for how iphone users send and receive messages .  apple is borrowing features from popular messaging platforms like snapchat and whatsapp .  audio and video messages within ios 8 will automatically vanish within a few minutes .  group messaging threads will feature a `` do not disturb '' functio .
 the game talks about michael jackson tribute <sec> the game records `` better on the other side '' as tribute to michael jackson .  rapper greatly admired star ; jackson tried to mediate between game and 50 cent .  game : `` he 's iconic to me , and his untimely demise is felt around the world .
 airport screening : the 'p word ' and other possibilities <sec> experts name reinforced cockpit doors among best aviation security moves since 9/11 .  automated computer profiling is needed to detect threats , analysts say .  tsa using the `` human factor '' in screening will help identify risk , security expert say .
 greece versus germany : fight for pride shifts from summit to pitch <sec> cnn 's jim boulden notes the delicious irony of greece and germany facing off on the pitch .  greece is in a financial crisis and has been forced to take two bailouts from its european peers .  germany , the eurozone 's largest economy , has been the driving force behind the crisis plan .  greeks say their football team must play with pride and dignity , no matter the outcom .
 investigators : graves at reform school site hold fire , flu victims <sec> new : investigation continues into whether staff abused boys in 1960s .  florida school for boys hit by 1914 fire , 1918 flu outbreak .  authorities say they found no evidence boys were killed by school officials .  governor ordered investigation of what lies beneath 31 white crosse .
 san francisco 's bart transit system has a website hacked for 2nd time <sec> a hacker posts personal info of all 102 bart police officers .  it 's unclear who 's to blame for wednesday 's hacking .  another bart website was hacked into sunday .  bart is at the center of controversy over shootings , cutting cell servic .
 statue of liberty 's crown to re-open july 4 <sec> the crown has been closed since the terrorist attacks of september 11 , 2001 .  tourists have been able to visit other parts of the statue .  access to the crown will be limited to 10 people at a time , guided by a ranger .  official : government wants to give `` america a special gift '' by re-opening the crow .
 son sentenced for helping ex-cia father restart spy career from prison <sec> the father is the highest-ranking cia officer ever sentenced for espionage .  the son pleaded guilty to helping his father restart his spying career from prison .  the son cooperated with prosecutors .  he was sentenced to five years on probation and 100 hours of community servic .
 marine removed from duty over bible coin reports <sec> iraqis say marine passed out coins featuring bible verses written in arabic .  one coin reportedly asks , `` where will you spend eternity ? '' .  military spokesman condemns act , promises that appropriate action will be take .
 opinion : how job seekers can compete with machines <sec> adam lewis : jobs up last month ; but this conceals reality about changing job picture .  he says u.s. must adapt to major ongoing shift of replacing human jobs with computers .  he says u.s. 's lagging schools must focus on flexible thinking , computers , entrepreneurship .  lewis : next generation should learn how to complement , not compete with , new technologie .
 steve jobs action figure looks real <sec> figure has jobs ' trademark black turtleneck , blue jeans , and rimless glasses .  action figure steve even has a tiny iphone in his left hand .  price is $ 79.90 , but we wo n't comment on whether that 's too much for apple 's bos .
 india 's space odyssey : moon dreams move east <sec> india made its first rocket launch on november 21 , 1963 .  indian space group list more than 60 events it considers `` milestones '' .  india launches its first unmanned mission to the moon in 2008 .  the south asian nation is seen as being in an asian space race with chin .
 what witnesses say in trayvon martin case <sec> the case becomes more complicated as details emerge .  witnesses have made seemingly contradictory statements .  zimmerman told police martin slammed his head on the sidewalk .  martin 's girlfriend says she believes he was pushed to the groun .
 airbus unveils the passenger cabins for the a350 xwb <sec> airbus show off the cabin configuration for its new a350 xwb jet .  economy class has nine , 18 inch wide seats across each row .  near straight cabin walls and larger overhead bins give the plane more space , says the manufacture .
 opinion : end 'mad men ' era for working women <sec> nancy pelosi and rosa delauro : women and their families are worse off than ever .  writers : we need fair , equal pay for women , early education for children , access to job training .  they say old policies and `` mad men '' view of the world add to women 's money woes .  house democrats agenda : `` when women succeed , america succeeds .
 ny launches probe on claims of anti-semitic bullying <sec> the reports `` if true , are deeply disturbing , '' gov . .  andrew cuomo said .  the report came after a lawsuit was filled in the case .  one of the claims was that a swastika drawn on a student 's face against her wil .
 kelly ayotte : nato 's ukraine moment of truth ( opinion ) <sec> sen. kelly ayotte : moscow 's escalation presents a challenge for nato leadership .  she says starkly worded statements have n't deterred russia 's vladimir putin .  nato needs to ramp up economic sanctions , provide military aid to ukraine .  ayotte : failure to act would invite more aggressio .
 a woman 's plea in her native spanish goes untranslated ; she is killed <sec> deisy garcia and her two small daughters were stabbed to death in january .  garcia 's ex-husband -- the girls ' father -- faces first-degree murder charges .  garcia filed a domestic-abuse report last year , in her native spanish .  nypd officials say they ca n't explain why the report did n't get translated for possible actio .
 parts of venice neck deep in flood water <sec> venice reportedly suffering one of its worst floods in 22 years .  landmark piazza san marco under almost a meter of water at one point .  unesco has warned venice at risk of high waters caused by climate chang .
 filipino prisoners honor jackson with 'thriller ' show <sec> their 2007 rendition of `` thriller '' has attracted 24 million views on youtube .  prison supervisor byron garcia first uploaded it to the video-sharing site .  dancing introduced to prison as a means of rehabilitatio .
 excitement , speed key to air racing 's appeal -- and risk <sec> air shows , which may include races , generate $ 110 million annually in the u.s. , canada .  the first air race was in 1909 , and today millions attend such competitions worldwide .  there have been 13 air show deaths in u.s. this year , an official says .  an official predicts that air racing `` will be the world 's predominant sport in 10 years .
 san bruno gas line explosion and fire claims 8th victim <sec> new : state will not receive additional federal aid .  an autopsy is being performed on eighth victim .  37 homes were destroyed in the blast and subsequent fire .  the ntsb investigation is ongoin .
 lawyer : mel gibson file leaks under investigation <sec> new : tmz declines to comment on documents ' source .  tmz published confidential court files in the gibson child custody case .  gibson 's ex-girlfriend and her lawyer discussed the leaks with cnn 's larry king .  oksana grigorieva 's full interview will air on `` larry king live '' wednesday nigh .
 pilots of wayward jet lose licenses <sec> new : pilots were `` extremely reckless , '' `` on a frolic , '' faa says .  new : radio silence lasted 91 minutes , longer than initially believed , faa says .  pair involved in overflight of minneapolis-st. paul airport in minnesota last week .  ntsb : pilots were on laptops , discussing scheduling system , lost track of tim .
 ukraine 's future vital to west ( opinion ) <sec> pro-european parties won solid victories in ukraine 's parliamentary polls .  west must realize importance of ukraine to its interests : matthew rojansky .  rojansky : west must help ukraine shore up its econom .
