 source : missing u.s. soldier bowe bergdahl seen in video <sec> first video of bergdahl in nearly three years surfaces .  army soldier was taken captive in 2009 , believed held by taliban-aligned group .  u.s. efforts to free bergdahl , including negotiating for his release , have so far failed .  family asks in statement that captors release bergdah .
 artist joins nigeria 's 'cultural explosion ' <sec> njideka akunyili has just completed a year-long residency at studio harlem , new york .  she almost became a doctor , but switched interests during college .  akunyili wants to show her work in nigeria , the country she left at 1 .
 appeals court delays injunction against 'do n't ask , do n't tell ' <sec> new : aclu , service members group express disappointment .  appellate panel says it needs more time to make a final decision .  defense department says it will obey the law as set by courts .  the administration favors repealing the policy , but not abruptl .
 19 people killed this week in blasts targeting shiite muslims in iraq <sec> the latest attacks took place on ashura , the most important holy day on the shiite calendar .  at least six blasts have targeted shiite muslims in iraq over the past two days .  dozens have been injured in those explosion .
 artie lange suffers 'diabetic shock , ' is hospitalized in michigan <sec> `` sorry for missing gigs , '' lange tweets from hospital .  the comedian is in a hospital `` outside of detroit .
 house passes 'do n't ask , do n't tell ' repeal <sec> new : the house of representatives passed a repeal of `` do n't ask , do n't tell '' .  obama has threatened to veto the bill due to a dispute over pentagon spending .  the senate armed services committee has also passed a repeal of `` do n't ask , do n't tell '' .  the compromise plan to repeal the policy emerged on monday .
 oldest known jawbone from human genus found in ethiopia <sec> the jawbone was found in ethiopia 's afar region , not far from where `` lucy '' was discovered .  it has been dated to 2.8 million years ago , which means it helps fill in a crucial gap in our knowledg .
 alleged al qaeda backer enters no plea in new york <sec> muhanad mahmoud al farekh was deported from pakistan to the united states .  the u.s. citizen is accused of conspiring to provide material support to terrorist .
 improvisation , frustration mark japan 's nuclear crisis at 4 weeks <sec> no timetable has been crafted for restoring normal cooling , tokyo electric says .  experts say japan and tokyo electric need help resolving the crisis .  `` there is no happy end with their approach , '' a japanese analyst says .  it 's too early for a chernobyl-type solution , a cnn consultant advise .
 government shutdown 'extremely damaging ' to intelligence operations <sec> sen. lindsey graham slams republicans , democrats , and obama for shutdown .  shutdown `` seriously damages '' some intelligence efforts , director of national intelligence says .  the danger `` will be insidious , '' dni james clapper warns .  the intelligence community has furloughed about 70 % of employees , he say .
 march on washington : throngs mark 'i have a dream ' anniversary <sec> two of martin luther king jr. 's children will speak at event .  obama , former presidents clinton , carter headline a second march wednesday .  march passes king memorial .  al sharpton : marchers want action , not nostalgi .
 2 dead in overpass collapse in world cup host city <sec> overpass construction was supposed to have been completed for world cup .  overpass is almost 4 miles from a stadium where world cup is played .  brazilian firefighters say two people dead .  belo horizonte , brazil , will host tuesday 's semifinal match in the world cu .
 texas rebuffs effort to give benefits to same-sex partners of troops <sec> texas military forces ' chief cites conflict between state , federal on same-sex marriage benefits .  `` eligible members '' can request benefits , agency says , calling it a `` processing issue '' .  governor 's office : no benefits since state law restricts marriage to 1 man , 1 woman .  a gay rights advocacy group blasts texas officials for playing `` politics with our military families .
 how can europe drive a new industrial revolution ? <sec> the cnn panel -- hosted by richard quest -- was split on whether europe 's manufacturing sector was in trouble .  panelists agreed that there is a need for better education and less regulation in developed economies .  former uk minister digby jones said a 'skills-fit-for-purpose ' cohort is the only way to take on asi .
 chrome web browser comes to android phones , tablets <sec> google launches chrome web browser for android devices .  google says it wanted to make sure its browser was right for its operating system .  chrome has already replaced firefox as the second most-popular browse .
 arias jurors say they 're stuck ; judge sends them back to deliberations <sec> new : the jury has gone home for the day ; they 've deliberated for more than seven hours .  after jurors say they 're stuck , a judge offers suggestions , sends them back to deliberations .  they are weighing whether jodi arias should receive the death penalty .  arias pleads for her life , saying she could make a difference in priso .
 soccer great pele remains in intensive care <sec> pele was admitted to the hospital last week with a urinary tract infection .  doctors are planning tests to analyze the need for possible renal support .  pele is a three-time world cup champion and shared player of the century awar .
 volcano erupts in indonesia , forcing thousands to flee <sec> about 1,500 people were receiving aid at a shelter , a relief worker said .  relief focus is on the children , a nongovernmental agency says .  mount merapi is one of indonesia 's most active volcanoes .  it is in a densely populated area , near the city of yogyakart .
 syria 's president makes rare public appearance <sec> normally camera-shy syrian president makes surprise visit to arts education center .  bashar al-assad met families of those killed in `` terrorist attacks '' , state news agency reports .  youtube video of visit shows al-assad arriving at the center at the wheel of his own car .  official syrian news agency says president , first lady later spoke to `` families of martyrs .
 'red knights ' plan manchester united takeover bid <sec> a group of 'high net worth individuals ' consider takeover bid for manchester united .  'the red knights ' are unhappy about the level of debt built up the glazer family to buy united .  the group are forming an alliance with the manchester united supporters trust .  the glazer family reiterate that the club is not for sal .
 report : 7 militants killed in dagestan counterterror operation <sec> seven militants are killed in dagestan 's capital , makhachkala , russian state media report .  investigators say the counterterror operation followed an attack friday , state media say .  security has been stepped up in russia ahead of the winter olympics next month .  dagestan is about a 12-hour drive from sochi , host city for the game .
 many claim their father is the zodiac killer ; stewart is the latest <sec> survivor says photo is `` not inconsistent '' with what he saw of killer .  zodiac killer , who has never been caught , claimed to have killed 37 people .  each prospective child of zodiac points to a different man as the killer .  gary stewart is the latest and has compiled his account into a new boo .
 opinion : kim jong un is not crazy <sec> stephan haggard : north korea is mostly bluffing in its threats against south korea .  haggard : escalating signals of resolve suggest nervousness as much as strength .  he says kim jong un may not have fully consolidated his authority .  haggard : as a result , some of the rhetoric could be driven by domestic politic .
 cholera reported in florida as haiti death toll climbs <sec> at least 6 people suffered gunshot wounds .  the dominican health ministry confirmed its first case of cholera .  the sickened man is a haitian worker who just returned from home .  in florida , a woman who recently returned from haiti was sickene .
 swift asks student with cancer to awards show <sec> new jersey student , 18 , is suffering from leukemia .  he was hoping for a date for his prom .  singer taylor swift instead invites him to april awards sho .
 official : pakistani soldier sentenced to death in videotaped killing <sec> six soldiers and one civilian are convicted in the shooting death of sarfraz shah .  one man is sentenced to death , six others to life in prison , prosecutor says .  those convicted are also ordered to pay restitution to the teen 's family .  the sentences still must be confirmed by pakistan 's higher court , prosecutor say .
 china earthquake shears off mountainsides , kills 186 people <sec> new : 186 people are dead and 8,200 hospitalized , chinese state media xinhua reports .  new : there 's a dire need for drinking water , and people are awaiting evacuation , it says .  chinese premier li keqiang travels to the area .  the quake struck about 70 miles from the city of chengdu in sichua .
 rebel leader idriss : syria moving chemical weapons to iraq , lebanon <sec> gen. salim idriss claims he has info showing syria is moving chemical weapons .  senior israeli officials say they have n't seen such movement ; iraq firmly denies it .  the free syrian army chief says the rebels are getting `` a lot of support '' from the u.s . .  he stresses that chemical weapons are one of many serious problems in syri .
 suspects in dink murder acquitted of terrorism charges <sec> some of the defendants were earlier convicted of conspiracy and murder .  a judge cleared them all tuesday of being members of a terrorist group .  hrant dink was the editor of an armenian-language newspape .
 u.n. appoints first human rights chief from arab world <sec> prince zeid of jordan chosen as new human rights chief .  he is succeeding navi pillay of south africa , who 's served in the role since 2008 .  he is the first representative from the arab world to ever serve in the rol .
 partisan divisions emerge over u.s. mission in iraq <sec> political divisions around the scope of u.s. involvement in iraq are emerging in washington . .  top-ranking democrats appear on political talk shows , advocate for a limited mission .  republicans , meanwhile , are advocating a far more aggressive stanc .
 philippines ' tourism campaign hopes for boost from social media <sec> the philippines attracted around 4 million tourists last year .  thailand attracted 19 million visitors during the same period .  social media a huge help to promoting the philippines as holiday destinatio .
 meteor shower will light up night sky for just a few hours <sec> nasa says best time to watch is between 3 a.m. and dawn .  the quadrantid meteor shower will peak early thursday morning .  the quadrantids enter the atmosphere each january , burning up at 90,000 mph .  this year , much of the world can see the show , if light from the moon does n't interfer .
 opinion : worried about obamacare ? fear not <sec> polls indicate that many americans are very confused about what obamacare is .  aaron carroll : with two weeks before the health exchanges open , here 's what it does .  he says starting in 2014 , people without health insurance will get insured in one of two ways .  carroll : no one can be denied health insurance ; no one can be charged more for being sic .
 amid famine , somalis flock back to the war-torn city they fled <sec> the united nations has declared a famine in southern somalia .  tens of thousands of people have arrived in mogadishu .  they are hoping to get food , water and medicine at feeding camps .  international aid agencies fled mogadishu because a lack of securit .
 f1 : nico rosberg claims pole at rain-hit silverstone <sec> nico rosberg claims pole at british grand prix on saturday .  championship rival lewis hamilton can only qualify sixth .  sebastian vettel ends the day second fastest , just in front of jenson butto .
 puma takes bite out of apple to head ethical business list <sec> report graded over 2,000 top companies for sustainability .  apple and google received d grades .  german sportswear company puma was rated highest .  only 2 % of u.s. companies and 1 % of asian businesses had the top mar .
 changing the world one step at a time <sec> blake mycoskie talks about his innovative business , toms shoes .  he wants to provide children in need with shoes in a sustainable way .  mycoskie wants other firms to incorporate the idea of `` one-for-one '' givin .
 opinion : china faces its own `` war on terror '' <sec> terror attacks in china intensify as war in afghanistan winds down .  most originate from xinjiang , a region bordering afghanistan .  chinese terrorists believed to be influenced by foreign groups .  chinese demand government clamps down on terroris .
 clijsters downs wozniacki on comeback <sec> kim clijsters beats world no.1 caroline wozniacki on her return from injury .  four-time grand slam winner clijsters scored a 6-2 7-6 ( 7-5 ) success .  the pair faced each other in an exhibition match in antwerp , belgium on thursday .  sweden 's robin soderling will miss january 's australian open due to long-term illnes .
 iphone under assault from big-screen rivals <sec> with the samsung galaxy s iv , phones with 5-inch screens are becoming common .  it 's a change from three years ago , when the 5-inch dell streak flopped .  the iphone 5 has a 4-inch screen . .  will a larger iphone be next ? .  larger screens appeal to people who use phones to watch video and play game .
 opinion : social media and the perils of looking for 'likes ' <sec> douglas rushkoff : teenagers aim to get as many likes as possible .  likes have real value for teens but even more value for giant companies that profit , he says .  rushkoff : getting liked on social media can be a route to getting your talents recognized .  but he says behavior designed to gain more likes may not always be beneficia .
 'barefoot bandit ' cuts deal for movie ; profits will go to victims <sec> 20th century fox disputes reports it paid $ 1.3 million for movie rights .  colton harris-moore awaits sentencing after a federal plea deal .  he has said money will go for restitution for victim .
 rami , pit bull-dachshund mix , becomes an 'ambassador ' <sec> rami 's celebrity status has increased adoptions at the shelter .  thousands of adoption offers poured in for the pit bull- dachshund mi .
 washington , new jersey move toward same-sex marriage <sec> washington 's governor signs a bill approving same-sex marriage .  new jersey senate approves a similar measure .  but same-sex marriage remains uncertain in both state .
 syria did n't disclose all chemical weapons facilities <sec> investigators also detail august chlorine attack allegations .  `` all fingers point to assad , '' u.s. ambassador says .  a u.n. special envoy briefs the security council on lingering chemical weapons .  syria has four chemical weapons facilities it did n't previously disclos .
 aclu raises privacy concerns about police technology tracking drivers <sec> union says technology helps to keep officers and the public safe .  police around country track every vehicle passing a license plate reader .  the readers are surveillance technology using high speed cameras .  there 's little , if any , privacy protection for innocent motorists , the aclu say .
 bold move or folly ? commenters react to cameron 's eu referendum pledge <sec> british pm had said 'difficult questions ' needed to be asked about britain 's eu membership .  the 'europe question ' has long dominated british politics and proved challenging for successive british leaders .  commenters had diverse reactions to cameron 's move , from praise to ridicul .
 lampedusa : why europe must be open to refugees fleeing persecution <sec> too many people are dying in their attempts to reach safety in europe , writes maurice wren .  this incident is an appalling reminder of what happens when people escaping persecution are denied access to safety , he says .  wren : in the absence of safe , legal ways to reach european territories , refugees are forced into dangerous and abusive situations .  european governments must work in solidarity to ensure people fleeing human rights violations and persecution are given entry , he say .
 europe drinks in ryder cup success as u.s. scratches its head <sec> europe 's players bask in the glow of a monumental comeback ryder cup victory .  several players involved in the fightback still struggling to take in their epic win .  united states press have started the inquest over what caused their team 's collapse .  european hero ian poulter said on twitter it feels like `` we have just robbed a bank .
 troubling reports emerge from the raging battle for misrata <sec> new : hundreds in tripoli rally for gadhafi , some vowing to act as 'human shields ' .  witness : gadhafi 's forces are using explosives that can kill indiscriminately .  a hail of rockets attack misrata again saturday .  transitional council leader says the rebels need weapon .
 civil lawsuit alleges false police report in beating death of homeless man <sec> new : lawsuit is `` bogus '' and `` completely false and fabricated , '' defense attorney says .  michael reeves is a doorman at slidebar rock-n-rock kitchen in fullerton , california .  he alleges his manager made a false report about a homeless man `` breaking into cars '' .  kelly thomas , the homeless man , was just picking up cigarette butts in a parking lot , reeves claim .
 mother charged in grisly deaths of her four children <sec> new : one child appeared to be stabbed to death , another strangled .  mother banita jacks , 33 , told police her children died in their sleep .  jacks faces 3 counts of felony murder , 1 count of first-degree murder while armed .  officials trying to determine how kids ' deaths , absences went unnotice .
 u.s. skiing hit by avalanche deaths of berlack , astle <sec> `` i have n't cried like this in a very long time , '' a u.s . .  ski team member says .  she describes ronnie berlack and bryce astle as `` funny oddballs , great teammates '' .  astle 's friend and fellow skier calls him `` sunshine on a cloudy day .
 cnn student news - april 15 , 2014 <sec> this page includes the show transcript and the daily curriculum .  use the transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary .  the daily curriculum offers the media literacy question of the day , key concepts , fast facts and discussion questions .  at the bottom of the page , please share your feedback about our show and curriculu .
 mcdonald 's , target drop egg supplier after animal cruelty report <sec> the activist group mercy for animals releases undercover video shot at sparboe farms .  the egg supplier says the footage depicts acts `` completely at odds with our values '' .  the fda finds `` serious violations '' at five of the company 's production facilities .  the egg industry has been a frequent target of animal rights group .
 levar burton 's 'reading rainbow ' kickstarter exceeds fund-raising goal <sec> `` reading rainbow '' is off the air , but levar burton continues to promote child literacy .  a `` reading rainbow '' kickstarter campaign drew more than $ 1 million its first day .  `` reading rainbow '' app lets users read books , watch videos featuring burton .  new data show children read for pleasure far less than in the pas .
 afghanistan : why u.s. needs to stay <sec> peter bergen says it would be a serious mistake to pull all u.s. forces from afghanistan .  it would invite the kind of chaos we 've seen in iraq with the rise of isi .
 famu pledges reforms after report on hazing <sec> the university says it 's created staff positions charged with implementing anti-hazing policies .  it disputed parts of report that suggested it had n't processed some hazing allegations .  drum major robert champion died after a beating aboard a bus in november 201 .
 passenger plane flies with laser system that repels missiles <sec> system detects heat-seeking missiles , then emits a laser to divert the missile .  american airlines flight becomes first passenger plane to test out `` jeteye '' system .  jeteye will be installed on at least two more american airlines flights .  goal is to have an effective response to terrorist threat .
 face time with issam chalabi <sec> issam chalabi was iraqi oil minister between 1987 and 1990 .  future demand for oil , he says , will be spurred by growth in india and china .  tension between turkey and kurds will not have impact on oil prices , he adds .  but if u.s. takes military action against iran , oil prices could surg .
 japan 's blackouts challenge businesses hurting after quake <sec> rolling outages have long-range and unexpected consequences to japan 's economy .  fast-food noodle factory in saitama is at risk of closing due to impact of blackouts .  `` we ca n't afford to cut 20 % and keep on in business , '' factory official says .  tokyo electric power co. warns companies may face mandatory power cuts as temperatures ris .
 emt who was accused of negligence killed in sunday shooting <sec> emt jason green was shot and killed early sunday .  in december , green and a fellow emt were in a cafe when a pregnant woman collapsed .  they reportedly advised the woman 's co-workers to call 911 , then left .  police say there 's no immediate link between the two incidents , but they will investigat .
 flight 370 search : 'it could take months , it could take years ' <sec> new : the search is `` the most difficult in human history , '' australia 's abbott says .  `` we will not rest until answers are indeed found , '' malaysian pm says .  australian ambassador : focus moves due to searchers `` eliminating areas '' .  official : all 227 passengers have been cleared of hijacking , psych issue .
