 lawyer would have opposed his killer 's execution , family says <sec> attorney michael burdell was shot to death at a utah courthouse in 1985 .  burdell would have opposed the death penalty for his killer , friends and family say .  ronnie lee gardner , in court for a hearing in a murder case , was trying to escape .  gardner is scheduled to die by firing squad on june 1 .
 mumbai 's dabbawalas still serving up lessons in lunch <sec> mumbai 's dabbawalas have been delivering lunches in the city for 118 years .  extensive network of delivery men and unique system for delivery .  supply chain studies say dabbawalas have a 99.9 percent success rate .  despite little change in 100 years , dabbawalas now have web site and text servic .
 why you should only compare yourself to yourself <sec> fit nation member annette miller 's new motto for life is `` no comparison '' .  there is a fine line between inspiration and comparison , she says .  miller : comparing ourselves to others makes objectivity impossibl .
 online poster appears to be christmas day bomb suspect <sec> biographical details in posts by `` farouk1986 '' match reports of umar farouk abdulmutallab 's life .  posts reveal young man who struggled to balance islam with temptations of the secular world .  `` i have no one to speak too , no one to consult , no one to support me ... i do not know what to do '' .  abdulmutallab is accused of attempting to detonate explosive on flight to u.s. on christma .
 in war for talent , 'brogrammers ' will be losers <sec> silicon valley has a problem with brogrammer culture of frat house fun .  gina trapani : tech start-ups that want to hire the best people will reject brogrammers .  she says sexist offenders are likely to be shamed into modifying their bad behaviors .  trapani : inclusive tech companies that value diversity will win the war for talen .
 employee accused of stealing up to $ 12 million in gold <sec> vault manager worked for jacmel jewelry for 28 years .  authorities say she confessed to hiding gold in her purse .  district attorney says she 's returned about $ 7 million in gold .  she could get 25 years in prison if convicte .
 what congress can do to block obama on cuba <sec> congressional republicans are upset with the obama administration 's new policies with cuba .  they hope to blunt his influence by either defunding a potential embassy or blocking an ambassador nominee .  it 's unclear how effective they can be even when they take control of congress in januar .
 south korea says u.s. agrees to extend seoul 's ballistic missile range <sec> the extended missile range allows seoul to defend itself , a security official says .  the agreement allows seoul to fire missiles up to 800 kilometers ( 497 miles ) .  at that range , south korean missiles could strike the northern peninsula of north korea .  previously , the south agreed to limit its missile range in exchange for access to u.s. technolog .
 u.s. tourist gets trapped in london bookstore <sec> texan david willis wandered into london book store to use free wifi .  willis made phone calls after realizing he was locked in , but no one initially came to his aid .  he was released after three hours when his social media posts were spotte .
 10 things france does better than anywhere else <sec> the french are impeccably polite -- really .  they 're so good at making certain cheeses that the united states has tried to restrict them .  their traffic jams are world class , but so are their ( very fast ) trains .  globalization : simultaneously the bane of france and something it excels a .
 army : 12 soldiers killed afghans , mutilated corpses <sec> new : soldiers alleged to have kept bones , skull from afghan civilians .  five soldiers charged with murder .  seven others accused of coveru .
 aaron hernandez verdict : 5 things to know about jury <sec> female juror : `` everyone 's life changed because of this '' .  the jurors said they did n't learn of the other charges against hernandez until after the verdict .  for these jurors , the system worked : it 's `` designed to be fair to both sides .
 mexico 's peña nieto calls for 'new debate ' on the drug war <sec> the presumptive president-elect speaks to cnn 's fareed zakaria .  enrique peña nieto weighs in on reform , illegal immigration .  the new president will be sworn in december .
 omg ! the cellphone turns 40 <sec> the first cellphone call was made 40 years ago wednesday .  martin cooper of motorola called a rival from a new york sidewalk on april 3 , 1973 .  the phone weighed 2.5 pounds and would cost $ 3,90 .
 pilot holds flight for man going to see dying grandson <sec> a pilot from southwest held a flight for a man going to see his dying grandson .  the man 's wife called the airline and asked them to hold the plane .  many airlines would punish a staff member who holds up a flight .  spokesperson : `` it really makes you proud to work for southwest .
 maryland ag : state could recognize same-sex marriages <sec> maryland should recognize same-sex marriages from other states , according to state ag .  state representative says douglas f. gansler 's opinion `` muddles the waters '' .  five states currently allow same-sex marriage .
 10,000 bc : emmerich 's hardest film yet <sec> emmerich developed obsession with the weather during filming of `` 10,000 bc '' .  film was shot in new zealand 's south island , south africa and namibia .  other challenges include creating film 's 'terror birds ' , shark-like predators .  miniature pyramids , 'god 's palace ' , made in munich then shipped to namibi .
 1 dead , 55 wounded during protests in eastern iraq <sec> protesters are angry at the governor of wasit province .  after an initial confrontation with security guards and police , protesters set fire to buildings .  the iraqi army has imposed a curfew on the cit .
 iselle leaves hawaii ; hurricane julio to miss the state <sec> all tropical storm warnings and watches have been canceled .  iselle delivered 11 inches of rain on the big island .  hurricanes and other tropical cyclones rarely make landfall in hawaii .  julio is forecast to brush north of the hawaiian island .
 former georgia prison guard : i witnessed abuse for years <sec> new : guard who says he taped the abuse speaks to cnn .  videos released this week purportedly show abuse at a prison , juvenile detention facility .  the u.n. asks georgia to investigate all allegations of human rights abuses .  georgia 's interim interior minister says torture in the country will be eradicate .
 dc shooter wanted to kill as many as possible , prosecutors say <sec> the president of the frc accuses the southern poverty law center of `` inciting violence '' .  floyd corkins , pleads guilty , says he wanted to intimidate those who oppose gay rights .  he faces up to 70 years in prison when sentenced april 29 .  building manager wrestled with corkins and disarmed him after being shot in august inciden .
 hackers steal data for 12 million customers at s. korean phone giant <sec> hackers steal details for 12 million customers of south korean phone giant .  bank details , home addresses obtained for three-quarters of kt corp 's users .  details used by an accomplice to sell cell phones posing as kt representative .  second major data leak in south korea since januar .
 in ohio , swing state politics have real-life impact <sec> economy is improving , but many still not better off in ohio .  president obama makes his ninth trip to ohio this year .  race for white house will be fought on the county leve .
 orangutan granted controlled freedom by argentine court <sec> an animal rights group files a writ asking for freedom for argentine orangutan sandra .  sandra had been living at the buenos aires zoo for 20 years .  a court rules that sandra is a `` nonhuman being '' with rights to freedom and `` no harm '' .  the zoo has up to two weeks to appeal the rulin .
 shaken , dazed residents recount tornado horrors <sec> nearly 300 are killed across the south , and dozens are killed in tuscaloosa , alabama .  survivors tell harrowing tales of the storm .  witness : `` it looked like an atomic bomb went off in a straight line '' .  `` it 's mind-boggling to think you walked away , '' one survivor say .
 football team rise above disaster to have dream season <sec> japanese football team vegalta sendai had best ever season last year .  finished fourth in japan 's j-league .  team 's stadium was ruined by last year 's earthquake .  team inspired to go on two 11 match unbeaten run .
 review : madonna 's 'mdna ' is far more personal <sec> `` mdna '' stands as madonna 's most explicit work .  she 's been personal , but never this detailed before .  as the beats swirl , madonna pursues release , vows to rise abov .
 liverpool waiting on gerrard news <sec> liverpool are waiting to learn how long injured captain steven gerrard will be out for .  gerrard , 31 , missed saturday 's win over west brom with an ankle infection .  kenny dalglish was also without defender jamie carragher at the hawthorn .
 how to get rich quick : buy a classic car ? <sec> auction house bonhams sold ringo starr 's vintage car on december 1 .  classic cars rose 430 % in value over the past decade .  investing in classic cars bears risks such as maintenance costs and lack of liquidit .
 babies die ; hospital halts heart surgeries <sec> kentucky children 's hospital refuses to provide data on pediatric heart surgery deaths .  the hospital 's chief heart surgeon went on paid leave and surgeries stopped in october .  official promises when the surgeries resume , improvement will be seen .  that 's too late for the children who died after surgery , their parents sa .
 massacre suspect spooked gun range manager <sec> new : batman poster , mask found in holmes ' apartment , source says .  suspect 's `` guttural , freakish '' message alarmed range manager .  james holmes was a doctoral student in neuroscience .  `` you would never guess he was a violent guy , '' an acquaintance say .
 lose your job , find yourself : why redundancy might not be so bad <sec> new research suggests that redundancy can `` jolt '' people into happier , more fulfilled lives .  being laid off can shock people out of their corporate `` inertia '' to reassess their priorities .  participants in the research sought more meaningful new jobs in line with their values .  study looked at laid-off mid- to senior-level managers in the united states and australi .
 turkey 's prime minister erdogan declares victory after vote <sec> new : turkey 's prime minister calls the vote a victory for democracy .  rival parties claim victory in municipal races as authorities count votes .  prime minister erdogan 's government faces a wide-ranging corruption probe .  erdogan has tried to shut down twitter , facebook and youtube as outlets for critic .
 france unveils $ 33b stimulus plan <sec> french government to spend $ 33 billion in effort to bolster economy .  french pm fillon hopes package will stimulate 1.3 percent in 2009 .  unemployment rose by 45,000 in december , according to french finance ministe .
 quake spared island , but fallout has n't <sec> residents of isle de la gonave call their island `` the forgotten haiti '' .  the island is dependent on port-au-prince for money , supplies .  the quake spared island direct hit , but the residents are now cut off from main island .  island 's people are hungry and in need of medical care ; u.s. marines try to hel .
 obama scraps bush-era missile defense for new plan <sec> new : polish , czech leaders cautiously optimistic about u.s. commitment .  russian president : `` we appreciate the responsible approach '' of u.s. leader .  defense chief robert gates denies u.s. `` scrapping '' missile defense .  change of gears does creates diplomatic problems for u.s. , expert say .
 actress amanda bynes faces hit-and-run charges <sec> actress allegedly involved in two hit-and-run accidents .  she also was cited this year on suspicion of dui .  her father says bynes , 26 , was not drinkin .
 fire set at building 's rear caused deadly chicago fire , official says <sec> new : chicago 's fire department says the fire started at the back of the building .  new : the police department has opened a criminal probe into the fire , a spokesman says .  two chicago firefighters were killed and 17 were hurt when a wall and roof collapsed .  the deaths occurred on the 100th anniversary of massive chicago stockyards fir .
 new earthquake strikes hard-hit pakistan <sec> new : at least 60 mud-walled buildings collapse in nok jo area of arawan district .  new quake comes right after an earthquake that caused more than 300 deaths .  saturday 's 6.8 magnitude earthquake hit balochistan in southwestern pakistan .  there are no immediate reports of damage or injuries in the latest quak .
 california bill would end vaccination exemption <sec> dr. richard pan also wrote law that requires parents have health care professional sign form for exemption .  he says public needs more protection that bill would provide .  california has 99 confirmed cases of measle .
 strip-search uproar : what about the nanny ? <sec> jo becker : outcry over indian diplomat 's arrest overshadows issue of domestic worker abuse .  becker : routine strip search in u.s. is humiliating , degrading , and it 's rare in india .  she says domestic workers face slavelike labor , physical abuse , excessive hours .  becker : report found domestic worker abuse among diplomats who have immunit .
 pentagon to untwist black hairstyle controversy - cnnpolitics.com <sec> pentagon is set to review policies on grooming after complaints of racially discriminatory rules .  the reviews will be completed over the next three months .  african-american soldiers and lawmakers applauded the pentagon 's decision to review rules .  the controversy over hairstyle guidelines touched on racial identity issue .
 opinion : can jimmy fallon last in tv 's piranha pool ? <sec> peggy drexler : critics were waiting to see fallon fall on his face , but he scored big .  drexler : can fallon 's `` nice guy '' humor compete with tv 's reality show nastiness ? .  she says research shows mean-spiritedness , inability to empathize is seeping into culture .  drexler : fallon wo n't reduce nasty humor , but his `` just plain funny '' style can succee .
 opinion : michelle obama for senate ? <sec> sally kohn : article notes michelle obama 's recent higher profile . .  does it presage senate run ? .  why not ? .  she says . .  before becoming first lady , she was accomplished attorney .  kohn says she 's been effective advocate on nutrition , military families ; her approval rating high .  kohn : she 'd be a formidable candidate , and america seems to like to see her in public ey .
 marine investigated in videotaped road rage at camp pendleton <sec> a marine is cited with communicating a threat in a videotaped road rage incident .  his unit is gathering information for potential legal or administrative proceedings .  marine in a wheelchair and her brother were in other car .  video shows young man using hands and feet to wail on vehicl .
 peru has high maternal mortality rate , rights group says <sec> amnesty 's peru researcher : maternal rates in peru for poor are `` scandalous '' .  researcher : services like `` lottery , '' for poor and `` chances are you will always lose '' .  maternal mortality rate one of the highest in the americas .  report : peru has made positive changes , but more help needed in rural area .
 'racist abuse '' of ac milan star constant probed by figc <sec> ac milan defender kevin constant suffers alleged racial abuse during friendly contest .  french-born guinean player stormed off field in protest .  italian football federation launches investigation into inciden .
 all is well after zuckerberg photo flap <sec> randi zuckerberg , former facebook exec and ceo 's sister , in flap over shared photo .  she said a family photo on facebook was for friends , but it was seen and shared on twitter .  some say issue speaks to confusion over facebook 's privacy controls .  zuckerberg says it 's about etiquette , not privacy and that all is wel .
 do n't believe your lying eyes <sec> r. beau lotto : we only ever see what proved useful to see in the past .  but when seeing , we can be aware of one reality and an opposite reality , he says .  lotto : to literally `` see yourself see '' is the principal act of consciousness .  lotto 's talk first of weekly series on cnn.com : ted talk tuesday .
 desire to break glass ceiling a big part of aura around clinton <sec> possibility of electing the first woman president important for many americans , survey shows .  hillary clinton has not said whether she 'll enter the race for the white house in 2016 .  barack obama generated similar excitement when he became nation 's first black presiden .
 reports : french first lady out of hospital <sec> new : trierweiler tweets a `` thank you , '' saying she 's `` very touched '' by support for her .  french first lady valerie trierweiler was in the hospital for stress and fatigue .  she checked in after allegations of an affair between president francois hollande and actress .  a magazine alleged hollande and actress julie gayet have been involved for two year .
 afghan soldiers went to strip club before disappearing <sec> the men were sighted at zachary 's pub , a strip club in mashpee , massachusetts .  the club 's owner said it `` looked like it was their first time in a ( strip ) club '' .  the men went missing saturday and were found monday at the u.s.-canada borde .
 wikileaks head steps out of the shadows <sec> wikileaks.org founder julian assange makes rare public appearance .  he says the site has been overwhelmed by disclosures from whistle-blowers .  assange said site has disclosed more classified documents than rest of world 's media combined .  he said wikileaks will defend army private accused of leaks but site wo n't name sourc .
 how a former doctor saves nigerian women from 'useless husbands ' <sec> olumide olusanya is the founder of nigerian online grocery store gloo .  he wants to help busy nigerians by delivering groceries straight to their doorstep .  olusanya dreams of turning gloo into nigeria 's leading supermarke .
 ex-soldier could face death over iraq murders , rape <sec> civilian court convicts former gi of murdering iraqi family , raping girl .  steven green led 2006 attack in mahmoudiya , iraq , witness testifies .  four soldiers charged in case already jailed over crimes .  defendants from 502nd parachute infantry regiment of the 101st airborne divisio .
 water scare affects 400,000-plus in toledo , ohio <sec> test results on toledo-area drinking water were not complete sunday morning .  water advisories will remain in effect until at least sunday evening .  tests showed microcystin , a toxin caused by algae blooms , in the water syste .
 germanwings crash report : pilot locked out of cockpit <sec> lufthansa : we have no information to corroborate the new york times report .  report : audio recording includes sounds of pilot trying to smash down cockpit door .  teams are still searching for the flight data recorde .
 will 'elitist ' label stick to obama ? <sec> barack obama 's rivals have accused him of having an elitist attitude .  presidential candidates are elite by definition , says author drew westen .  charge of elitism is not new in politics .  the toxicity of the charge depends on how it 's handled , westen say .
 'the great gatsby ' moving to summer 2013 <sec> warner bros. announced 'the great gatsby ' has been pushed to summer 2013 .  the film stars leonardo dicaprio , tobey maguire , carey mulligan and joel edgerton .  it had been slated to open on christmas day .  no specific date for release has been state .
 advice for inventors : how to get your product on to the market <sec> many of us have had at least one good idea for an invention , but rarely follow it through .  getting a product to market poses many challenges , but none that ca n't be overcome with research and planning .  cnn asks industry experts for their advice on how to turn a good idea into a good produc .
 state college bids farewell to paterno <sec> crowds line streets for funeral procession .  no more tickets left for thursday memorial service , penn state says .  joe paterno died sunday at age 85 .  administrators are aware of a petition to add paterno 's name to the football stadiu .
 drogba puts chelsea into fa cup final <sec> didier droba winner ends arsenal 's long unbeaten run and puts chelsea in final .  theo walcott put arsenal ahead before florent malouda equalized .  manchester united and everton play in second fa cup semifinal on sunda .
 say no to genetically engineered salmon <sec> chef rick moonen opposes genetically modified organisms for public table .  fda set to ok modified salmon that its developer says is as safe as farmed salmon , he says .  but farming already a health , pollution problem , he says ; fast-growing fish compounds it .  moonen : approval with no required labels would set back sustainability movemen .
 somalia fighting leaves 18 dead , dozens wounded <sec> new : amisom says 5 of 6 slain rebels were non-somalis .  ambulance crews report `` huge '' battles in mogadishu .  peacekeepers claim success in battling islamist militant .
