 'sister wives ' case : judge strikes down part of utah polygamy law <sec> ruling would keep in place the ban on bigamy in its `` literal , '' fraudulent-intent sense .  the judge threw out the section of utah 's polygamy law that prohibits `` cohabitation '' .  u.s. district court judge clark waddoups issued the ruling late friday .  suit was brought by kody brown and his wives , meri , janelle , christine and roby .
 10 dead , mosques burned as buddhists , muslims clash in myanmar <sec> the death toll from the violence rises to 10 , a local lawmaker says .  clashes started with a dispute between a muslim shop owner and buddhist sellers .  muslims and buddhists took to the streets , torching each others ' houses and schools .  last year , ethnic clashes left scores of people dead and 110,000 displace .
 mcgovern , a strong man who overcame defeat <sec> bob greene lunched with george mcgovern after the senator 's failed presidential bid .  he says mcgovern wondered then whether his campaign had seemed doomed to reporters .  he says some called mcgovern soft , but he was a valorous ww ii combat pilot ; also a good guy .  greene : mcgovern was surrounded by home , friendship when he died sunda .
 autopsy shows haim had enlarged heart , manager says <sec> corey haim 's manager : autopsy showed actor 's heart was enlarged when he died .  coroner told haim 's mother that he suffered from pulmonary congestion , mark heaslip said .  coroner 's official said they are awaiting toxicology tests before ruling on cause of death .  haim , who struggled for decades with drug addiction , died early wednesda .
 kengo kuma : the `` sushi '' architect striving for perfection <sec> japanese architect has popularized sensitive japanese traditions in buildings .  has works across the world including museums and private residences .  `` architecture is like sushi : balance of material and skill is very important .
 opinion : a flashback to oklahoma city bombing <sec> marcy heinz : boston marathon bombing brought back memories of an april day in 1995 .  heinz : the oklahoma city bombing left many residents in shock and grief .  she says oklahomans feel sympathy for bostonians and for those who were killed .  heinz : despite the bombings , we are not victims ; we are survivors , and we have thrive .
 baseball sensation mo'ne davis ' impact on girls and boys <sec> mo'ne davis is the first girl to throw a shutout in little league world series history .  she 's also the first little leaguer to appear on the cover of sports illustrated .  davis and her team play again wednesday night at the little league world series .  parents say davis is already inspiring girls and boy .
 diane von furstenberg 's wrap dress turns 40 <sec> diane von furstenberg 's iconic wrap dress was created 40 years ago .  the `` journey of a dress '' exhibition is on display in los angeles until april 1 .  michaela angela davis : dress is democratic , as it accommodates almost any age or siz .
 timeline : mass shootings in the u.s. since 2005 <sec> since 2001 , hasan had been unable to leave the military , a family spokeswoman said .  she said he told his family he had been taunted after the terrorist attacks in 2001 .  the police officer who shot hasan , ending the massacre , was among the wounde .
 sweden hunts for mystery submarine <sec> emergency radio call picked up by swedish military , report says .  radio transmissions sent to russian enclave on baltic sea , report says .  russia denies any vessel in swedish waters .  russian military has been active around world this yea .
 an 'oops ' that could mean 'over ' for perry <sec> todd graham : rick perry forgot what he was going to say in the middle of a debate answer .  he says as debate gaffes go , this one was a whopper that will be hard for voters to forget .  he says for many , it confirmed low expectations about perry 's grasp of issues .  graham : since voters have other gop choices besides perry , this mistake may be fata .
 karachi airport attackers were disguised as security workers <sec> gunmen disguised as airport security workers attack karachi 's airport .  fuel blazes and heavy machine-gun fire add to confusion at scene .  28 people are killed in the attack ; another 24 are injured , officials sa .
 annual macy 's thanksgiving parade boasts host of new balloons <sec> among the new additions are an eagerly-anticipated tim burton creation .  forecasters predict sunny skies .  50 million people are expected to watch from hom .
 drummer 's surgery forces kings of leon to postpone tour <sec> the band 's drummer is recovering from surgery on his arm .  earlier on the global tour , the band 's bus caught on fire in london .  kol is on tour to promote their latest album `` come around sundown . .
 review : 'jobs ' caught up in his legend <sec> ashton kutcher portrays the late steve jobs in the big screen biopic .  the film opens in 1974 .  josh gad gives a solid performance as steve woznia .
 stop the panic on air security <sec> bruce schneier says the reaction to the failed bombing is wrongheaded .  he says people tend to look for quick solutions to remote risks .  he says focusing on how to prevent the last attack makes no sense .  in this case , he says , the security system actually foiled the bombin .
 homeland security chief : no carry-on bag ban 'at this time ' <sec> homeland security secretary jeh johnson played down reports the tsa could ban carry-on luggage .  johnson 's comments come amid reports that al qaeda could target airlines this holiday seaso .
 tsa finds 81 pounds of marijuana in checked luggage <sec> although not a tsa priority , marijuana is illegal under federal law .  a woman was arrested friday with 81 pounds of pot in her luggage .  she was trying to fly from oakland , california to jackson , mississipp .
 merkel : ukraine peace 'uncertain ' after putin talks <sec> merkel and french president francois hollande met with the russian leader in moscow .  she defended borders in europe as `` inviolable '' .  biden : `` too many times , president putin has promised peace and delivered tanks .
 france vows to halt jihadist charge in mali <sec> operation serval seeks to push islamist groups out of northern mali 's key cities .  france insists its goal is nothing short of eradicating these militant groups .  flood : most ordinary malians are welcoming the french intervention .  but enthusiasm may wear off if result is prolonged urban warfare , he say .
 cancer : by the numbers <sec> sunday is national cancer survivors day .  more than 1.6 million new cancer cases are expected this year .  68 % of those diagnosed survive the diseas .
 flags before statehood for palestinians <sec> flagmaker family sees more demand for palestinian flags .  palestinian authority seeking statehood at the united nations this week .  many palestinians see success for u.n. bid is lo .
 australia 's bushfires inflame climate change debate <sec> australia has a long history of bushfires that predates white settlement .  scientists say that , despite shallow records , bushfire seasons are getting longer .  firefighters are reporting that fires are becoming larger and more aggressive .  one scientist says forest fires around the world are contributing to global warmin .
 think it 's hot ? imagine living here <sec> scorching temperatures in the u.s. are common for many other countries .  the world 's highest air temperature was recorded in el azizia , libya , in 1922 .  but weather stations are n't in some of the world 's hottest spots , scientists sa .
 undercover sting : fbi agents posed as internet repair <sec> the fbi was investigating online gambling .  agents disabled the internet at a hotel suite used by a suspect .  posing as technicians , the agents videotaped the room and its occupants in secret .  attorney : if citizens call for for repair `` maybe it 's an undercover agent that responds .
 nico rosberg signs new deal with mercedes f1 team in week to remember <sec> nico rosberg signs a new multi-year contract with the mercedes f1 team .  the 29-year-old also married his long term girlfriend this week .  rosberg will mark germany 's world cup with a special helmet for sunday 's german grand prix .  the german driver leads mercedes teammate lewis hamilton by four point .
 4 remaining hostages rescued in illinois standoff <sec> 4 remaining hostages rescued wednesday morning , nearly a day after situation began .  police : 2 officers responding to tuesday 's robbery were shot in harvey , illinois .  the suspects took people hostage inside a home , police add .  law enforcement from around illinois converged on the residenc .
 commenters : keep your taxes off my internet <sec> cnn commenters mostly dislike the idea of an internet sales tax .  senate passed a bill that lets governments collect on sales in their states .  critics say plan would hurt small online retailers .  commenter : `` politicians never saw a source of income they did n't want to tap .
 u.s. health secretary kathleen sebelius resigning - cnnpolitics.com <sec> a gop lawmaker says sebelius ' departure was `` a long time coming '' ; pelosi praises her .  sebelius was criticized for obamacare site 's rocky rollout , then cheered its enrollment .  officials : she told the president in early march that she 'd resign ; it was her decision .  obama plans to nominate omb director sylvia burwell to replace sebelius , official say .
 mccain wins gop nomination ; huckabee bows out <sec> cnn projects mccain wins ohio , texas , rhode island and vermont .  huckabee withdraws from race for gop nomination .  cnn : mccain had amassed 1,047 delegates before tuesday .  mccain campaign was largely written off last summe .
 how to choose a golf instructor <sec> handy hints from the pga to help secure the right golf coach for your game .  personality type and mutual goals are crucial to get the best from a coach .  check your instructor has the education and experience to improve your game .  your instructor should be available , at no extra charge , to answer concern .
 sebastian vettel clinches fourth straight world title <sec> sebastian vettel clinches fourth successes f1 world title .  26-year-old german wins indian grand prix .  nico rosberg finishes second for mercedes .  red bull seal constructors ' title despite mark webber 's retiremen .
 real estate power broker dead of apparent suicide <sec> steven l. good was found dead of an apparent gunshot wound in his car monday .  good was a well-known real estate businessman in chicago .  friends , family shocked , saddened by what police say appears to be a suicid .
 luis figo runs for fifa presidency <sec> luis figo believes fifa president sepp blatter is not `` untouchable '' .  figo tells cnn he has had enough of all the `` scandal '' at fifa .  he is not being paid to stand and says `` football deserves much better than this .
 miranda kerr 'could n't ask for a better dad ' for flynn <sec> `` i 'm still breastfeeding so i have to express milk and send it back , '' kerr said .  her son with bloom , flynn christopher , is 9 months old .  `` he 's very hands on . .  i really could n't ask for a better dad , '' she said of bloo .
 national guardsman reunited with his puppy days after tornado hit <sec> a series of tornadoes hit midwest on november 17 .  his town of washington , illinois , was badly hit .  there were 76 reported tornadoe .
 48 in texas acquire intestinal infection <sec> almost 50 new cases of cyclospora infection reported in texas .  illness is caused by ingesting food or water contaminated with feces .  the source of the infection is unknow .
 house passes bill on oil-spill damages ; weather slows cleanup <sec> new : epa says dispersant bp uses is `` less toxic '' on small fish .  house passes bill that would allow more damages paid to victims ' families .  coast guard directs bp on how to manage waste from cleanup .  heavy seas affect cleanup and containment on several front .
 5 years after the gulf oil spill : what we know <sec> april 20 marks 5 years since the bp oil spill .  at the time , there were dire predictions for the environment .  today , it is still too soon to know the long-term impac .
 tiny eibar take on spanish soccer 's big guns <sec> tiny sd eibar set to play first ever match in spain 's top tier on sunday .  minnows take on local basque rivals real sociedad at ipurua stadium .  eibar had to raise $ 2.3m after promotion to comply with financial rules in spain .  club are smallest ever to compete in la liga with a budget dwarfed by rival .
 un : 6,000 people have died in eastern ukraine <sec> fighting in recent weeks at donetsk airport and in debaltseve has killed hundreds , un says .  civilians who have n't left often do n't for fear of being killed , if they try to mov .
 storm in a teacup over right-winger and queen 's garden party <sec> london mayor asks assembly member not to take bnp leader nick griffin to party .  garden parties at buckingham palace began by queen victoria in the 1860s .  the queen and her husband circulate among around 8,000 guests at each event .  palace : the queen is not consulted on the choice of accompanying guest .
 u.s. , europe crack down on websites selling counterfeit goods <sec> u.s. immigration , european police shut 132 websites selling counterfeit goods .  some sites were sophisticated , while others were obviously fraudulent , u.s. says .  crackdown comes on cyber monday , an important day for online retailer .
 pakistani supreme court orders arrest of prime minister in corruption case <sec> new : karachi stock exchange crashes on news .  raja pervez ashraf is accused of receiving kickbacks for power contracts .  he has always denied the allegations , an adviser says .  a muslim cleric holds a rally in islamabad calling for electoral refor .
 will mammoths be brought back to life ? blood find fuels cloning hopes <sec> scientists discover liquid blood in mammoth carcass in siberia .  head of expedition calls find `` the best preserved mammoth in history '' .  south korean company to explore cloning mammoth using the bloo .
 the other hundred : photo stories never told <sec> the other hundred , a project featuring 100 photo stories , launched its first exhibition .  the project takes aim at media rankings such as the forbes billionaire list .  ceo : `` we 're trying to provoke people to define for themselves what it means to have a rich and fulfilled life '' .  the exhibition will move next to mumbai , new york , beijing and berlin in 201 .
 waiting out the storm in new orleans , a 'different city ' since katrina <sec> the owner of a business looted during katrina says new orleans is now `` a different city '' .  a restaurant owner 's quagmire : no employees because schools are closing .  the manager of a store in a mall looted during katrina looks forward to a cookou .
 opinion : every russian orphan deserves a family <sec> michele bachmann : russia should lift its ban on american adoptions of russian orphans .  bachmann : for an orphan , there is no substitute for a family and parental love .  she says russia 's ban is punishing the weakest of the most vulnerable of its society .  bachmann : i 've introduced a bipartisan resolution urging russia to reconsider ba .
 napa valley wineries reopening after earthquake <sec> this year 's napa grape harvest not damaged by earthquake .  some wineries re-opened monday after cleaning up damage .  many wineries never had to close their doors .  call or check your winery 's social media accounts before showing u .
 belize deputy pm calls for prosecution in pyramid destruction <sec> 2,300-year-old mayan pyramid ripped up for road fill .  tourism board alleges involvement by government officials .  tourism and culture ministy says full investigation ordere .
 amazing stories of liquor legends <sec> capt . .  morgan married his own cousin , plundered cuba and won a knighthood .  jack daniel died after losing a fight with a ... safe ? .  which best-selling bourbon whiskey was originally called `` old tub ? '' .  gin-maker tanqueray descended from three-generations of clergyme .
 q & a ; : what 's behind the latest wave of violence in egypt ? <sec> protests on the two-year anniversary of the revolution left seven people dead friday .  chaos erupted after 21 people were sentenced to death after a football riot in port said .  critics have accused morsy of becoming a new dictator .  morsy announces a temporary curfew in three places and a meeting among different partie .
 is huckabee the next reagan ? <sec> timothy stanley : mike huckabee mulling 2016 run ; americans should get serious about him .  he says huckabee can sell conservative ideas with a humanity not seen since reaga .
 avalanche kills climbers at one of world 's highest peaks <sec> survivor tells filmmaker he slid nearly a quarter-mile in his tent .  but glen plake says the man he shared tent with is among missing .  french official says four of his countrymen died , three are missing .  the search for the missing will resume monday , authorities sai .
 'he 's not a spy , ' says sister of u.s. man sentenced in north korea <sec> terri chung asks leaders of both nations to see her brother as just `` one man '' .  he is known in the u.s. as kenneth bae and is referred to as pae jun ho by north korea .  the u.s. state department demands bae 's release , `` full stop '' .  north korean state media report he committed `` hostile acts '' against the stat .
 reports : shelling kills at least 30 in somalia <sec> 30 people killed after shelling in somali capital mogadishu according to reports .  journalists report shell fire coming from african union mission in somalia stronghold .  military force amisom has denied any involvement in the inciden .
 chuck hagel becomes first foreigner to visit chinese aircraft carrier <sec> hagel visited the chinese aircraft carrier liaoning on monday .  trip described as `` significant , '' u.s. asked for visit .  the liaoning aircraft carrier will be able to carry 30 j-15 fighter planes , chinese media report .
 protesters in london march against afghan war <sec> protesters hold rally in trafalgar square .  it coincides with saturday 's nato meeting on afghanistan .  protesters say the war costs too much and is n't justifie .
 why hillary clinton wo n't say she 's running ( opinion ) <sec> the political media wants to know why hillary clinton went to iowa recently .  paul begala : they are almost indignant over why she wo n't declare her candidacy .  even if she want to run for president , it does n't make sense to say it now , begala says .  he says it 's just as likely that hillary has not completely made up her min .
 blood found on comforter in josh powell 's storage unit <sec> washington authorities search a storage unit belonging to josh powell .  a `` presumptive test '' of a comforter found inside the unit detected blood .  powell 's wife has been missing since december 2009 .  police say josh powell killed his two sons and himself last sunda .
 teen says he drowned 4-year-old to protect secret , police say <sec> police say victim threatened to tell mother teen had molested him .  california 14-year-old has been charged as an adult .  teen faces charges including murder of a witness , molestation , kidnappin .
 11 really cool space missions <sec> space probe philae touched down on a comet on wednesday .  it 's the first time a probe has occupied a comet .  other interesting space missions also happenin .
 kanye 's wedding photographer reveals instagram secrets <sec> conor mcdonnell is the young photographer behind instagram 's most liked photo .  23-year-old has snapped the likes of calvin harris , drake , and justin biebe .
 visit the top ultra-quiet hotels <sec> triple-paned windows , extra-thick walls and cork floor layers keep sound out .  soundproofing styles have become proprietary secrets among hoteliers .  four seasons hotels must meet the approval of an acoustics consultant .  consider choosing a quiet neighborhood as the ultimate do-not-disturb sig .
