 red cross : 1,100 homes struck by texas twisters <sec> new tallies show 349 homes were destroyed and 750 damaged .  many families are still in shelters .  the national weather service estimates 13 tornadoes hit the are .
 opinion : you think you got a lot of snow ? <sec> ex-mississippian tony gorman now lives in the snow capital of the u.s . .  valdez , alaska , has gotten as much as 550 inches of snow in one season .  he says schools remain open , businesses operate after big snowfalls .  gorman : biggest problems are disposing of snow and lightening the load of snow on roof .
 nurses offer tips for surviving a hospital stay <sec> medical errors kill up to 98,000 u.s. hospital patients a year .  to cut back on potential for mistakes , vigilance is key , says nurse .  ask about every medication the hospital gives you .  if you think something is wrong , do n't back dow .
 hpv vaccine effective in men <sec> an estimated 20 million americans are currently infected with hpv .  hpv can cause certain cancers of the anus and penis in men .  because symptoms are rare , most people with the virus pass it on without realizing i .
 2 missing , more than dozen injured in kansas city gas explosion <sec> new : utility company said it appears contractor struck a gas line .  two people also missing , kansas city fire department says .  witnesses say roof blew off restaurant .  people in the area said they could smell gas well before explosio .
 giant panda celebrates 4th birthday at national zoo <sec> tai shan was born at the smithsonian national zoo .  birthday boy gets a special cake made of ice , beets , apples and pears .  zoo curator says pandas are popular because they resemble young children .  though born in u.s. , tai shan due to be sent to china later this yea .
 andreas lubitz , germanwings co-pilot : tangled secrets <sec> newspapers cite sources who say andreas lubitz had a mental illness .  german investigators say he 'd been declared unfit to work , but was hiding it from the airline .  one man says andreas lubitz did n't seem like the kind of person who was sad or depresse .
 inzaghi hat-trick upstages beckham deal <sec> filippo inzaghi fires hat-trick in milan 's 3-0 win over atalanta at the san siro .  double celebration for fans as david beckham 's milan future is also resolved .  beckham will stay at san siro for rest of season and the rejoin l.a. galax .
 the pricey business of going to school <sec> kids are going back to school , and it 's an expensive time for parents .  u.s shoppers spend $ 26.5 billion on school items , while uk parents will spend $ 4 billion .  electronic items are among the priciest , and quickly becoming an essential item .  however , basics are also proving very price .
 china bans shark fin dishes at official banquets <sec> china bans serving of shark fin and bird 's nest soup at official banquets .  part of government crackdown on official extravagance .  ban also includes the serving of cigarettes and up-market liquor .
 driver on phone when spanish train derailed , court says <sec> phone call may have distracted train driver shortly before crash , expert says .  court : driver received call from railway staff minutes before crash .  at derailment , train was going 95 mph , court says ; speed limit for bend is 49 mph .  79 people killed in wednesday 's derailment in northwestern spai .
 fifa president says match-fixers will be banned for life <sec> fifa is looking into allegations of match-fixing .  zimbabwean players have told investigators they were paid to lose games .  fifa president sepp blatter spoke to reporters in harar .
 battles rage in libya amid defections of key gadhafi allies <sec> britain 's foreign secretary says libya 's former foreign minister is speaking with officials .  report : a senior adviser to one of gadhafi 's sons was in london for talks .  the battles over key cities are far from over .  u.s. military leaders officials say libyan opposition forces are outgunne .
 dream defenders end sit-in protest of florida 's stand your ground law <sec> a student group had occupied florida gov . .  rick scott 's office to protest stand your ground law .  the dream defenders wanted scott to call a special legislative session to repeal the law .  scott refused , and the group decided to end the sit-in and lobby lawmakers instea .
 rodney king looks back without anger <sec> this week marks 20 years since the l.a. riots .  riots broke out after none of the cops involved were criminally charged .  king says he has forgiven the officers who beat him nearly to deat .
 it at sea : google to launch a computer navy <sec> google has sent a patent application to launch barges to host its data centers .  wave energy could be used to power and cool the data centers ' servers .  the project would save google money on power bills , rent , and property tax .  such projects have the potential to boost to the maritime industr .
 spill spews tons of coal ash into north carolina river <sec> a broken stormwater pipe sent millions of gallons of sludge into the dan river .  duke energy and regulators are coming up with a cleanup plan .  environmental activists have concerns about drinking water and wildlife .  the river supplies water to communities in virginia and north carolin .
 u.s. ships set to leave myanmar ; aid undelivered <sec> new : u.s. ships to leave area thursday , admiral says ; some planes will stay .  new : adm. timothy keating says he 's frustrated that aid was refused .  myanmar junta leaders did not grant permission for u.s. navy ships to deliver aid .  u.s. will keep pushing efforts to get emergency supplies to victims , despite rebuf .
 scientist hawking 'very ill ' <sec> physicist stephen hawking hospitalized monday in `` very ill '' condition .  67-year-old suffers from degenerative condition known as lou gehrig 's disease .  hawking is considered by many to be world 's greatest living scientis .
 pakistan trio to appeal suspensions <sec> three pakistan cricketers who were suspended for at least five years have appealed .  the suspensions relate to spot-fixing allegations in a test match with england .  the trio will also face prosecution on corruption charges in britai .
 brian williams reports on daughter snagging 'peter pan ' <sec> the veteran newsman reported on his daughter .  he announced her `` peter pan '' role on `` nbc nightly news '' .  allison williams co-stars on `` girls .
 iran nuclear talks start in geneva amid 'cautious optimism ' <sec> iran presents plan to delegates from six world powers in geneva .  eu spokesman calls foreign minister 's presentation of iran 's proposals `` very useful '' .  israel 's netanyahu warns against easing the pressure of sanctions on iran too soon .  many in the west fear iran seeks nuclear weapons ; iran says its intentions are peacefu .
 lost boys of swat flee for their lives <sec> boys flee their swat valley orphanage after taliban attack their home .  army had set-up position in their building , mining the playground .  the boys cowered in a back room , as the fighting raged outside .  they eventually rode to safety on top of a bus and back of a vegetable truc .
 libyan official : elections coming soon <sec> new : libya will approach its prewar oil output in 15 months , an official says .  interim leaders will declare liberation day on sunday .  libya is seeking a new constitution .  nato is scaling back operation .
 brothers share wife to secure family land <sec> amar and kundan singh pundir are brothers who share a wife .  the brothers have married the same woman to ensure their land is n't divided .  practice is illegal in india but common in their mountain villag .
 five rustic retreats worth a splurge <sec> explore these five resorts , where all the roots are planted for the ultimate rustic retreat .  gibb 's farm is a working farm , and 90 % of the food served is grown on the property .  palmlea farms operates on solar energy and fresh water from the nearby mountai .
 prosecutors appeal sentence in khmer rouge genocide case <sec> the court has shaved off about 11 years from duch 's sentence .  survivors are angry at the un tribunal 's decision .  prosecutors : judgment does not reflect full extent of duch 's crimes .  he has not filed an appea .
 earth 's close encounter with an asteroid <sec> a midsized asteroid will pass by earth on tuesday .  meg urry : no need to worry about this one , but risk of asteroid collision is real .  she says asteroids have collided with earth and moon , sometimes disastrously .  urry : next few days will provide a gold mine of information for scientist .
 mass stranding of whales , dolphins in australia <sec> 54 pilot whales among a group of 192 that beached themselves .  king island off tasmania is a hotspot for whale beachings .  experts say it is not uncommon for whales and dolphins to beach togethe .
 uga prof dug grave , shot himself in head , police say <sec> new : co-worker says she was also targeted .  authorities say university of georgia professor dug his own grave .  cadaver dogs searching for george zinkhan found body in woods , police say .  zinkhan suspected of killing his wife , two other peopl .
 hunt under way for escaped murder suspect in louisiana <sec> four inmates escape from jail in st. tammany parish , louisiana .  three found in area near jail north of new orleans , official says .  man charged with murder remains at large , official says .  deputies canvassing neighborhoods in hunt for escape .
 legal battle puts skype 's future in jeopardy , owner says <sec> a legal battle puts the future of skype in jeopardy , according to owner ebay .  skype in legal battle with company behind some of its software .  ebay says without software skype 's `` business ... would likely not be possible .
 controlling your pet 's fleas and ticks naturally <sec> flea-fighting products that contain a synthetic insecticide have come under fire recently .  the environmental protection agency has called for stronger warning labels .  consult your dog 's vet about the remedy that works best for your pe .
 pakistan bowlers rout australia for 88 <sec> australia collapse to 88 all out on opening day of second test against pakistan in leeds .  pakistan , seeking to level two-match series , reached 148-3 when bad light stopped play .  australia captain ricky ponting surprisingly chose to bat first in overcast conditions .  his team failed to reach three figures in a test for the first time since 198 .
 homeless turn lives around step by step <sec> anne m. mahlum founded back on my feet to help the homeless in philadelphia .  back on my feet works with 29 homeless shelters and has more than 400 active members .  mahlum : participation must be voluntary for people to make real changes in their lives .  people have a desire to be recognized , valued , appreciated , loved and cared for , she say .
 deputy pm : turkey 'inspiration ' for islam and democracy <sec> turkish deputy pm ali bababcan said that turkey is becoming a `` source of inspiration '' for many countries .  he says turkey shows how islam and democracy can go hand-in-hand .  bababcan 's comments come as turkey continues to push for european union membership .  the ambition is questioned by some who point to the country 's already strong econom .
 black moms should n't have to have 'the talk ' ( opinion ) <sec> michaela davis : moms who lose sons wear blank look of sorrow . .  michael brown 's does now .  she says they are thrust into spotlight to call for peace as they process private trauma .  she says moms looking on renew 'the talk ' with their sons . .  why should they have to do this ? .  davis : police are ones who must be educated to deal with young men , not the other way aroun .
 obama and golf : par for the course for presidents <sec> martin davis : mitt romney thinks president obama plays golf too often .  but u.s. presidency and golf have a long , traditional association , davis says .  davis says that woodrow wilson played the most ; john f. kennedy played the best .  golf bug is clearly bipartisan , he says , and there is golf royalty among president .
 nevada man charged with helping terrorism groups in india , pakistan <sec> new : he could face up to life in prison if convicted .  balwinder singh , 39 , was arrested in reno on tuesday .  he is charged with conspiracy to murder , kidnap , and maim persons in a foreign country .  singh is accused of belonging to two terrorist organization .
 jim messina talks 2016 , hopes for paul bid <sec> jim messina said republicans do n't appear to have a clear front-runner like democrats .  messina joked that ted cruz running would be a `` gift '' to clinton 's campaign .  he does not think gop will do well as early as the primaries and blames intra-party fighting .  the full interview with ozy.com will publish wednesda .
 calderon touts successes in mexico 's war on drug cartels <sec> president felipe calderon lays out his record in state-of-the-nation speech .  three drug lords were captured or killed this year , the president says .  authorities also have arrested 125 cartel cell leaders or lieutenants , he say .
 young muslims turn to technology to connect , challenge traditions <sec> the number of young muslims using the web is rising , experts say .  they 're using it to express themselves and connect with others .  these tools also are providing a way to organize socially and politicall .
 u.n. panel to investigate gaza flotilla incident <sec> the former new zealand prime minister will chair the panel of inquiry .  israel and turkey will both have representatives on the panel .  its first report is due by mid-septembe .
 what is the mysterious magic leap ? <sec> mysterious magic leap plans `` magical '' augmented reality .  florida startup reportedly got $ 500 million from google and others .  wearable device being built by `` software ninjas , '' `` computing hobbits .
 benicio del toro 's revolutionary turn <sec> benicio del toro stars in `` che , '' a biopic of the latin american revolutionary .  his performance is generating oscar buzz in hollywood .  directed by steven soderbergh , the two-part film is more than four hours long .  del toro on che : his life `` is what movies are made of .
 negligence , not arson , suspected in deadly israel wildfire <sec> new : firefighters from bulgaria , greece among international forces aiding fight .  fires , fueled by shifting winds , are still not under control .  two suspects have been arrested .  the fire has killed 41 people and injured 1 .
 elite boarding school aims to create africa 's future leaders <sec> fred swaniker is the founder of the african leadership academy . .  the school aims to equip young africans with a wide range of skills and knowledge . .  swaniker hopes his project will help educate a new generation of african leaders .
 churches played vital role in historically black colleges ' success <sec> michael lomax : churches ' investment in black education paid dividends for america .  lomax : church-founded schools learned to balance religious roots and secular missions .  hbcus of differing affiliations demonstrate power of common goals , lomax write .
 flooding shuts down mississippi river traffic , forces more evacuations <sec> tennessee governor says sight of the mississippi two miles wide is `` sobering '' .  the coast guard is closing part of the mississippi river to protect levees and flood gates .  authorities urge some memphis , tennessee , residents to evacuat .
 report on government waste cites 'robosquirrels , ' tax breaks for nfl <sec> new : obama shares `` coburn 's commitment to cutting out waste , '' a spokeswoman says .  gop senator reports on 100 items he calls government waste .  sen. tom coburn says taxpayers could have saved $ 18.9 billion .  coburn puts much of the blame for the wasteful spending on congres .
 mac user : why i love windows 8 <sec> this fall , microsoft will launch windows 8 , a radical redesign from the windows of old .  the classic start menu is gone , replaced by a tile layout full of your favorite apps and files .  in an un-microsoft move , firm created the most radical desktop redesign in more than a decad .
 who might replace eric holder ? <sec> attorney general eric holder to step down from his position after high-profile tenure .  holder is one of three original appointees in obama 's cabinet .  new appointee could face heated confirmation hearing .
 south korea arrests activist after he visits north korea <sec> roh su-hui went to north korea to mark the 100-day anniversary of kim jong il 's death .  he is likely to be charged under the national security law , a police official said .  tensions remain high between the two countrie .
 classified report detailed program shortcomings <sec> a classified cia document was posted by the anti-secrecy group wikileaks on thursday .  it said targeted assassinations can have both positive and negative outcome .
 review : 'cabin in the woods ' is sheer horror heaven <sec> `` cabin in the woods ' '' is directed by drew goddard and co-written by joss whedon .  the movie offers quite a few twists and turns on the horror genre .  critic : the film does n't just keep us on our toes , it chops them of .
 challenges for al-assad as events in syria threaten regional upheaval <sec> despite concern , al-assad forced to react to opposition .  the regime 's carrot-and-stick approach may work in the short term .  in the long term , there is risk in any strategy , the international crisis group says .  wikileaks cables show a government hamstrung by internal disagreemen .
 5 ways to increase your patience <sec> writer brenã© brown squelches her impatience by talking to herself .  a travel writers suggests experiencing a new , different culture .  try something small like chewing food slowly , an economics professor suggest .
 unbeatable nadal secures fifth barca title <sec> rafael nadal defeats david ferrer in straight sets to lift barcelona open title .  world number one wins 6-2 7-5 to take the trophy for a fifth year in succession .  the title was nadal 's 35th of his career with 24 of those coming on clay-court .
 u.s. and china reach historic climate change agreement <sec> under the deal , the u.s. will cut carbon emissions by more than 25 % by 2025 .  china is aiming to get 20 % of its energy from renewable resources by 2030 .  obama : u.s. and china have responsibility to lead effort against climate change .  sen. mitch mcconnell says the plan will hurt the u.s. econom .
 teen questioned in computer hacking probe <sec> new : internet addresses and information furnished by the fbi led to the teen .  fbi believes new zealand teen was the ringleader of the `` a-team '' .  botnet attacks cause $ 20 million in losses and theft , the fbi estimates .  symantec detected more than 5 million bot-infested personal computers this yea .
 'star wars ' sword master dead at 89 <sec> bob anderson 's early film credits include stunt double , fencing coach for errol flynn .  he 's best known for performing darth vader 's 'star wars ' swordfight .  british fencing president calls him `` one of our greatest fencing masters '' .  anderson competed for britain in the 1952 olympic .
 watergate hotel gets no bids at auction <sec> hotel falls back into the hands of its lender , pb capital .  pb capital will most likely sell the hotel privately after it takes over the title .  hotel was a base for a break-in by operatives of the nixon re-election campaig .
 nra 's vision of 'genuine monsters ' <sec> kristin goss : national rifle association 's statement brought out familiar cultural wars .  goss : the organization missed an opportunity to engage in reasonable dialogue .  she says nra broke with precedent by blaming a host of producers and industries .  goss : nra 's attempt to shift the focus to anything but guns was predictabl .
 sources : pilot in libyan crash hampered by low visibility <sec> sources : mist and sand created poor flying conditions for the pilot of crashed plane .  family says 9-year-old sole survivor knows his immediate family were killed in plane crash .  dutch foreign ministry sending experts to tripoli to help authorities identify victim .
