 former navy seal comes out as transgender <sec> kristin beck served as a navy seal for more than 20 years .  known then as chris beck , the war veteran deployed 13 times .  beck retired in 2011 and has since come out as transgender .  `` no one ever met the real me , '' she say .
 family demands answers in kendrick johnson 's death <sec> kendrick johnson , 17 , was found dead , upside down in a gym mat in january .  the final autopsy report says he died of accidental suffocation .  his parents believe he was beaten to death .  community protests are daily , and the online world is participating to .
 american wanted by italy in rendition case released in panama <sec> an ex-cia base chief was arrested in panama on an italian arrest warrant .  he was convicted in absentia for his role in a 2003 rendition case .  the state department says robert seldon lady is now headed to the united state .
 lindsey vonn 's stand-in ? julia mancuso aims to take sochi by storm <sec> julia mancuso is hoping to fill the winter olympics void left by the injured lindsey vonn .  the 29-year-old won a gold medal in 2006 and two silvers at vancouver 2010 .  her alternative sochi preparations have involved escaping to hawaii mid-season .  from a rough start -- her dad was jailed for drug smuggling -- she has made it to the to .
 japanese diplomat wounded in yemeni kidnapping attempt <sec> the diplomat was stabbed outside his home in sanaa .  officials : he was wounded after he resisted a kidnapping attempt .  kidnapping foreigners to use as bargaining chips has been a problem in yeme .
 obama 's address : where 's foreign policy ? <sec> isobel coleman : obama mainly addressed domestic issues : economy , immigration , energy .  he spoke very little about and offered nothing much new on foreign policy , she says .  coleman : he talked about ending afghanistan war , spoke briefly about iran , syria , china .  coleman : his reinvigorated free trade agenda seems to be the boldest mov .
 suspect to be held 60 days more in missing woman case in aruba <sec> new : a magistrate rules that authorities can hold gary giordano for another 60 days .  giordano , 50 , was arrested by aruban police on august 5 .  he is being questioned in the case of missing 35-year-old robyn gardner .  the missing woman and the suspect arrived on the island july 31 from the united state .
 opinion : obama missed out on arab spring <sec> frida ghitis : the arab uprisings gave the u.s. a historic chance to side with freedom .  ghitis : incredibly , the obama administration 's response has been marked by timidity .  she says in pursuit of stability , the u.s. held its tongue as egypt 's leader broke his words .  ghitis : u.s. should side more with those who share its ideals and help them in revolution .
 police arrest head of defense team for female egyptian protesters <sec> lawyer ahmed el-hamrawy was arrested at his home in alexandria at dawn monday .  fellow lawyer : `` this means that any lawyer who comes close to the case will be detained '' .  14 women , seven girls were accused of illegal gathering , thuggery , weapons possession .  they were arrested at a demonstration for ousted president mohamed mors .
 pakistan : banning rude words in texts or not ? <sec> pakistan tells phone companies to block 1,500 words from text messages .  cell phone users respond with derision .  the pakistan telecommunication authority sends mixed messages on its plan .  the banned words list includes terms related to sex and prostitutio .
 greek unions join protests after state broadcaster taken off air <sec> new : about 10,000 people join a rally in support of ert workers , police say .  `` we are in a state of shock . .  the news is overwhelming , '' says an ert journalist .  new unemployment figures show another increase , to 27.4 % overall .  a new radio and tv broadcaster will be set up with fewer staff , government say .
 u2 will headline glastonbury festival <sec> glastonbury festival is one of the world 's largest outdoor music events .  u2 originally scheduled to perform at last year 's glastonbury festival but did n't .  seems safe to say the band will be abandoning their 360 stage for this performanc .
 swiss teenager gut makes world cup history <sec> swiss lara gut makes history by winniing the women 's super-g at st moritz .  the victory makes gut , 17 , the youngest-ever woman to win a world cup race .  fellow-swiss fabienne suter finished second with italy 's nadia fanchini thir .
 farrah fawcett , sex symbol and actress , dies <sec> farrah fawcett was known for iconic 1970s poster , role in `` charlie 's angels '' .  actress was hailed for performance in tv movie `` the burning bed '' .  fawcett had cancer and made tv documentary about her battl .
 california cop pleads not guilty in homeless man 's death <sec> a fullerton police officer pleads not guilty to involuntary manslaughter .  the charges against him and another officer stem from a homeless man 's july beating .  the officers were put on paid leave after kelly thomas died following an arrest .  thomas , 37 , was a homeless man with schizophreni .
 nebraska sen. nelson will retire - cnnpolitics.com <sec> party officials are reaching out to former sen. bob kerrey regarding nelson 's seat .  democratic sen. ben nelson announces he will not seek re-election .  nelson was expected to face a tough republican challenge next year .  the former nebraska governor is a conservative democra .
 france faces fines over improper care of endangered hamsters <sec> court says france has neglected its 10-inch rodent citizens .  it is the last surviving example of hamster left in western europe .  court : in 2008 , france failed to take adequate measures to ensure its protectio .
 thomas friedman : america 's global voice <sec> pulitzer prize-winning columnist and author : `` i 'm not in a popularity contest '' .  on u.s. and global economic situation : `` we gave the world financial sars '' .  on barack obama : 'is he ready to be as radical as the moment ? .
 chemical weapons sites found in libya , officials say <sec> new : libya 's new authorities found mustard gas missiles about a month ago , they say .  the organization for the prohibition of chemical weapons was notified .  `` the united states was notified because it is ... equipped to deal with this issue '' .  gadhafi agreed to destroy his chemical weapons in 2003 and the project was underwa .
 harvard lawsuit is not what it seems ( opinion ) <sec> a lawsuit was filed against harvard alleging discrimination against asian americans .  jeff yang : this lawsuit is not the affirmative action crusade it may seem .  his experience in applying to harvard suggests a `` holistic '' approach makes sense .  yang : do n't let this lawsuit derail affirmative action , which has benefited man .
 ny woman arrested for allegedly scamming boston victims ' fund <sec> the nonprofit one fund boston is distributing $ 61 million to victims of the marathon bombing .  one woman 's claim of suffering a traumatic brain injury got her nearly half a million dollars .  authorities got a tip the woman was not in boston at the time of the bombing .  a 26-year-old new york woman was arrested friday and will face charges in massachusett .
 is champagne ready for a return to socialism ? <sec> french presidential frontrunner francois hollande will be pitted against incumbent nicolas sarkozy in a run-off may 6 .  key to election success will be showing ways to tackle the eurozone crisis and france 's domestic economy .  making champagne is big business in france , bringing in $ 5.8 billion last year .  champagne producers are aware of potential challenges on the horizo .
 fighter jet crashes in afghanistan <sec> authorities looking into why plane went down during takeoff from kandahar airfield .  crew ejected safely ; role of insurgents has been ruled out of cause of crash .  military officials did not identify type of jet that crashed , nor the nationality of the crew .  crash is the fourth aircraft wreck in three day .
 what not to do in dublin <sec> 10 attractions to avoid when visiting dublin .  do n't expect to drink all night . .  most pubs close at 1 a.m. on weekends .  skip dublin 's st. patrick 's day parade -- when vomit and crowds fill the street .
 review : 'best man holiday ' is both sticky-sweet and heavy <sec> the film is a sequel to 1999 's `` the best man '' .  it reunites the characters at a christmas house party .  reviewer says the `` actors are winning .
 alleged terrorist charged with conspiracy <sec> ali saleh kahlah al-marri charged with conspiracy to provide support to al qaeda .  the native of qatar will be prosecuted in civilian courts .  he was arrested weeks after the september 11 , 2001 , attacks .  former president bush declared him an `` enemy combatant '' in 200 .
 selling scared ? world bank , pimco , japan yen spook global investors <sec> asia , u.s. investors sell off stocks ; japan leads asia rout thursday with 6.4 % plunge .  hsbc : u.s. dollar strength pushing fear into asia markets ; volatility to stay .  sunrise : japanese yen to fall below 90 ; investors 'should reduce ' japan equity stake .  world bank revises down 2013 global growth ; pimco says 60 % chance of new recessio .
 inter miss chance to haul in juventus <sec> inter milan miss the opportunity to close the gap on serie a leaders juventus .  inter can only manage a 2-2 draw with cagliari after juve were held by lazio .  lyon leapfrog psg at the top of ligue 1 by beating reims 3-0 .  werder bremen beat fortuna dã¼sseldorf 2-1 in the german bundeslig .
 u.s. opens channels with iran over isis - cnnpolitics.com <sec> sources say obama noted iran , u.s. both interested in defeating isis .  united states is deep into talks with iran about its nuclear capabilities .  sources say that 's the main block to the countries cooperating on isi .
 commentary : the message the muslim world was waiting for <sec> nafees syed : obama is reaching out to muslim world with words , actions .  she says muslims worldwide have a shared concern about key issues .  syed : obama 's interview with al-arabiya talked of respect and partnership .  she says bush administration used harsh language of crusade , islamofascis .
 france 's pm announces new anti-terror measures <sec> aqap leader urges all would-be jihadists to wage war at home .  french prime minister says 3,000 people in france need to be under surveillance .  france will spend 425 million euros in the next three years on the fight against extremis .
 'cracker ' conveys history of bigotry that still resonates <sec> trayvon martin 's friend said he described george zimmerman as a `` creepy-ass cracker '' .  the term injected race into zimmerman 's second-degree murder trial .  `` cracker '' has a murky history but generally describes poor whites .  the slur is widely considered an insult among white southerner .
 kkk chapter wants to adopt stretch of georgia highway <sec> `` we 're doing it to keep the mountains beautiful , '' ku klux klan group official says .  the group has applied to the georgia department of transportation .  state officials are scheduled to discuss the matter monday .  if approved , the kkk would clean part of georgia state route 51 .
 severe weather moves to the eastern third of the u.s . <sec> storm system moving eastward toward the great lakes , tennessee valley .  the threat of tornadoes is expected to diminish .  severe weather watches are posted from texas to mississipp .
 ukraine plane shot down , crew rescue under way <sec> rocket downs a ukrainian transport plane near russian border , kiev officials say .  a missile probably from russian federation hit plane , ukraine president 's statement says .  ukrainian military says it 's in contact with plane 's crew member .
 programs to change gays to straights do n't work , report says <sec> american psychological association : trying to change orientation can be harmful .  group urges mental health professionals not to advocate changing orientation .  homosexuality de-listed as mental disorder in '75 , but some programs still treat it .  official with one such program says , `` change is possible .
 racism row over chimp cartoon sparks debate <sec> new : post apologizes , but also defends its cartoon .  some say cartoon is racist , others say it 's misunderstood .  on 1-10 `` danger scale '' for cartoons , dilbert creator calls cartoon a 9 .  post editor defends cartoon , calls the rev . .  al sharpton an `` opportunist .
 why we fool ourselves into optimism <sec> people tend not to anticipate the future perils that face them , tali sharot says .  people are pessimistic about the world but are optimistic about their lives , she says .  sharot : seeing the world through rose-tinted glasses is good for people 's mental state .  believing that a goal is within reach motivates us to act to attain it , sharot say .
 'the situation ' gets anger counseling in plea deal <sec> `` the situation '' will face a reduced municipal code charge after private counseling .  the reality show star appeared in court monday , and the judge approved the deal .  the fight happened inside a tanning salon sorrentino co-owns with his brothe .
 california lawmaker proposes selling san quentin prison <sec> 432-acre waterfront property could sell for $ 2 billion , sen. jeff denham says .  `` our inmates just do n't need an ocean view , '' denham says .  critics say building new facility for inmates would be costly , time-consuming .  california is near 200 percent capacity in its prisons ; more than 5,300 in san quenti .
 period makeovers : fixes for heavy bleeding , cramps , pms <sec> perhaps as many as 95 percent of women have issues with their period .  naproxen , aspirin , ibuprofen can ease painful cramps .  procedure known as endometrial ablation can reduce excessive bleeding .  try calcium supplements to ease headaches , breast tenderness , mood swing .
 embattled toronto mayor rob ford has a tumor <sec> toronto hospital executive : a ct scan shows rob ford has a tumor in his abdomen .  it 's not known if the tumor is malignant or how it will be treated , the executive adds .  rob ford is `` in good spirits , '' his brother says .  the mayor , who is running for re-election , has been dogged by his substance abus .
 excerpt : inside the falluja massacre <sec> blackwater sent personnel to falluja on march 31 , 2004 .  the men were ambushed and fatally shot .  the bodies were burned , beaten , dragged through the street and hung from a bridge .  the men 's deaths sparked a u.s. military assault on the iraqi cit .
 review : tilda swinton is fantastic in 'we need to talk about kevin ' <sec> `` we need to talk about kevin '' is the ultimate cautionary tale for prospective parents .  kevin plays mother against father in the coming years .  eva is more or less convinced that kevin is damaged goods and things only get wors .
 former wwe wrestlers sue over brain damage , other injuries <sec> a wwe lawyer says the suit is without merit , and wwe is proactive when it comes to concussions .  2 wrestlers sue wwe , saying the company ignored or downplayed injuries like brain damage .  the lawsuit , which could become a class action , is seeking damages and medical monitorin .
 e-book gifts made easy for kindle , not other e-readers <sec> amazon changed its policy to allow customers to give e-books as gifts .  but you can not directly give a nookbook , an ibook or a sony e-book as a gift .  e-book users can , of course , buy or obtain e-books in other format .
 satellite group reports sudanese military buildup <sec> new : the satellite sentinel project says images show a sudanese military buildup .  new : the group said sudan is fortifying an airstrip and positioning armor .  new : the images suggest sudan may increase bombing , john prendergast says .  new : the u.n. human rights chief calls for a probe into a refugee camp bombin .
 sarah palin proves she 's no fool <sec> lz granderson : after john mccain 's loss , many assumed sarah palin would run in 2012 .  he says palin 's decision not to run for president is a smart move .  whoever wins in 2012 will likely face a weak economy , and will take the blame , he says .  granderson : palin will still have a platform for her views and can live the life she want .
 billionaire oilman backs wind power <sec> oil billionaire t. boone pickens planning 4,000-megawatt wind farm .  power will tie to electric reliability council of texas transmission lines , says pickens .  he will put the turbines on other people 's land .  a turbine will generate around $ 20,000 a year in royalties , says picken .
 ncaa bans ohio state from postseason play <sec> new : the ncaa imposes penalties beyond those self-imposed by the university .  new : it cites school for `` failure to monitor , preferential treatment and extra benefit violations '' .  new : ohio state will not appeal the decision .  school 's football program was rocked by a scandal involving players swapping memorabili .
 more than 30 killed in fresh tribal violence in southeastern kenya <sec> more than 300 people , many with spears and machetes , struck tana river village .  killings come just days after tribal violence killed nearly a dozen people in the area .  violence is blamed on tensions between the pokomo and orma tribes prevalent in the region .  police commissioner says four local administrators will be fired , military could be called i .
 critics , supporters square off over bowe bergdahl release <sec> new : schiff : deal offers `` no guarantee '' taliban commanders will be tracked .  democrats say bergdahl deal emerged quickly and military approved .  speaker boehner says the swap means `` lost lives '' down the road .  congress should have been told ahead of time , legislators sa .
 ebola outbreak forces angola to close congo border <sec> democratic republic of congo has reported intermittent cases of ebola since 1976 .  world health organization reports 41 suspected cases , 13 deaths , since nov. 27 .  as a result of the outbreak , neighboring angola has closed its northeastern borde .
 are pilotless planes within reach ? <sec> cnn goes aboard a modified bae jetstream 31 test aircraft as it flies above northern england .  the aircraft is manned by a crew in the sky but controlled by a pilot on the ground .  unmanned flight is an exciting milestone for those at the cutting edge of the aviation industr .
 anti-islam protesters march in dresden , germany <sec> police estimate that some 25,000 people attended the march .  anti-islam protesters in dresden carry banners with names of charlie hebdo victims .  critics say protesters exploiting tragedy to incite hatred against refugees and foreigner .
 arrests made in notorious cairo horse and camel assault <sec> two men are arrested ; they were members of mubarak 's political party .  the assault was a pivotal moment in the uprisin .
 buzz aldrin : leonard nimoy , my fellow space traveler <sec> buzz aldrin : leonard nimoy 's mr. spock seemed like the ideal companion for a space voyage .  spock 's `` live long and prosper '' is iconic , as is neil armstrong 's `` one small step for man .
 west texas town faces looming prospect of dried-out reservoir <sec> the town of robert lee , texas , relies on lake spence as its only water source .  the area has received only 3 inches of rain in the past 12 months .  the town is down to less than 1 % of its water supply , and could be dry by late winter .  texas is suffering the third-worst drought in its histor .
 zendaya exits lifetime 's aaliyah biopic <sec> zendaya coleman has left lifetime 's aaliyah biopic .  the network confirmed her exit on twitter .  production for the tv movie is currently on hol .
 indonesian police put down riot in bali prison <sec> three inmates are wounded after police storm a prison in bali .  rioters started a fire and threw stones and firefighters .  no foreign prisoners were harmed in the violenc .
 princeton to make meningitis b vaccine available <sec> the first dose of the meningitis b vaccine will be available at princeton in december .  princeton has reported eight cases of meningitis b since march .  the vaccine is called bexsero and is made by novarti .
 death toll rises to 98 after lahore attacks <sec> human rights group says it warned of a possible attack .  new : death toll rises to 98 , government official says .  strikes targeted two mosques in lahore belonging to ahmadi religious group .  ahmadis are a persecuted religious minorit .
 emily 's list ramps up for 2016 - cnnpolitics.com <sec> emily 's list , energized with the prospect of electing the first woman president , is preparing to go big in 2016 .  the group plans to make the election cycle their most expensive to date -- spending over $ 14 million .  `` we are going to play a bigger role than we have ever played , '' said the operative tasked with leading the effor .
 obama 'angry ' after reading mcchrystal 's remarks <sec> new : source : mcchrystal likely to resign wednesday .  new : general apologized for `` poor judgment '' .  obama wants to talk with general before making decision .  gibbs says 'all options are on the table ' in deciding mcchrystal 's fat .
