 interview : amitabh bachchan <sec> cnn talked to amitabh bachchan , the de niro of bollywood .  bachan : indian films profitable and exciting with viewers all over the world .  bachan : excited to be working with son and daughter-in-la .
 america 's debt woe is worse than greece 's <sec> laurence kotlikoff : america 's real fiscal gap is enormous .  he says gap is 14 times gdp , worse than that of greece .  obama 's debt reduction plan is too small to cure problem , he says .  kotlikoff : u.s. needs radical tax reform to turn around econom .
 airports tighten security after bomb plot <sec> new : embargo on shipments from yemen extended to november 8 .  yemeni authorities intensify hunt for militant cleric and bomb maker .  germany bans all incoming flights from yemen .  united kingdom also bans flights and the carrying of large printer cartridge .
 a laugh a minute ? life with billy connolly <sec> pamela stephenson talks about marriage to scottish comedian billy connelly .  they met on the set of british comedy show `` not the nine o'clock news '' .  she says writing his biography , `` billy , '' helped her understand him better .  stephenson : `` it 's like he 's got these comedy angels whispering in his ear .
 toronto mayor rob ford : 'i had a minor setback ' <sec> he speaks after a video shows him babbling about the city 's police chief .  ford says he 's entitled to a personal life .  the toronto mayor is infamous for admitting he smoked crac .
 another taliban leader captured <sec> new : nato-led forces will secure helmand in `` 25 to 30 days , '' british general says .  mullah abdul salam arrested in pakistan , say u.s. , afghan , taliban sources .  salam is taliban `` shadow governor '' of afghanistan 's kunduz province .  four suspected militants reported killed in drone strike in pakista .
 accident or murder ? florida millionaire on trial for wife 's death <sec> james `` bob '' ward is charged with second-degree murder in wife 's death .  prosecutors say he shot diane ward , then tried to change his story .  defense says the `` tragic '' death came after a struggle for a gu .
 ronaldo : i can handle pressure at madrid <sec> cristiano ronaldo says he feels comfortable playing for real madrid .  pressure in spain greater than in england , world 's most expensive player says .  portuguese star says he is saving goals for world cup .  ronaldo : `` i 've always played with pressure . .  for me it 's another challenge .
 fire captain : 11 die in poland plane crash , 1 survives <sec> a plane from a parachute school crashes near czestochowa , state news reports .  fire captain : arriving firefighters found 3 people outside the plane -- one of them alive .  nine more were found dead in the small aircraft 's wreckage , the fire captain adds .  the survivor , 40 , is in serious but stable conditio .
 is this the world 's toughest bike race ? 12,000 km across africa <sec> the tour d'afrique is a four-month , 12,000 km cycle race across the length of africa .  race starts in khartoum , passes mount kilimanjaro and the serengeti , ends in cape town .  oldest competitor is a 73-year-old canadian woman .  organizers help local communities by donating bike .
 typhoon relief efforts gets new u.s. ships <sec> u.s. navy says two amphibious ships are to arrive wednesday in the philippines .  900 marines are on board to help with relief .  navy spokesman says aircraft carrier uss george washington is likely to leave the philippine .
 lucrative china-malaysia relations not derailed by search for mh370 <sec> chinese officials have been careful not to blame malaysia for the fate of mh370 .  this is contrast to many of the chinese relatives of passengers .  trade between china and malaysia grew to more than us $ 63.4 billion last yea .
 the last 5,055 : in search of namibia 's elusive black rhino <sec> poaching has wiped out 92 % of black rhino population in the last 30 years .  conservation agencies have partnered with eco-tourism operators .  tourists can track rhino on foot with professional guides .  rhino numbers have increased but are under threat again from recent surge in poachin .
 egypt reclaims role as arabs ' key nation in gaza talks <sec> egypt takes a central role in the cease-fire talks to end the latest gaza conflict .  egypt 's president is determined to resist the spread of islamist militancy .  egyptian mediation is not without risks .  egyptian diplomacy will be tested reconciling israel 's and the palestinians ' demand .
 fists fly in ukraine parliament punch up <sec> punches , eggs and smokebombs thrown in ukraine parliament .  scuffle happened during session ratify a treaty with russia .  treaty extends russia 's navy presence in ukraine 's crimean peninsula until 2042 .
 kim jong il 's son promoted to four-star general <sec> the announcement came right before the biggest ruling party meeting in decades .  kim jong un 's promotion was the first time he was named in official communications .  some analysts had hoped he would be more economically oriente .
 about 300 people killed in original tunisian uprising , u.n. reports <sec> the death toll is expected to rise , says the u.n. expert on torture .  about 700 people were also injured .  popular protests in tunisia led to the resignation of the long-time president in januar .
 gay man , former lesbian on whether they can change <sec> poll shows most americans believe gays can not change their orientation .  focus on the family , family research council , say the public is misinformed .  gay rights groups hail poll as a sign that attitudes toward gays are changin .
 swansea sack laudrup , put monk in charge <sec> laudrup the seventh managerial casualty in the english premier league this season .  dane will be succeeded temporarily by club captain garry monk .  laudrup steered swansea to league cup glory and ninth place in the league last seaso .
 opinion : for adelson , koch brothers , buying politicians good business <sec> donna brazile says billionaires spend money to get politicians who help them .  adelson , koch brothers want politicians who favor lower taxes , she argues .  such political spending is legal , thanks to recent supreme court rulings , she say .
 romney does n't back away from message caught on secret tape <sec> new : romney not backing away from controversial comments .  new : obama says in interview that the president represents entire country .  new : republicans in key senate races seek to distance themselves from romney comments .  new : tracking poll shows obama bounce fading overall ; other poll shows obama still leads in virgini .
 sen. lindsey graham : immigration is a gop 'shame ' <sec> sen. lindsey graham , r-south carolina , appears on cnn 's `` state of the union '' .  graham rebukes his u.s. house counterparts for failing to act on immigration bill .  he says president obama is going too far with executive action .  obama is defending his stance , saying other presidents have acted likewis .
 slow drivers , get out of our way <sec> lz granderson : with 7 billion people , the world needs some rules .  he says drivers who dawdle in the left lane should move over if they want to enjoy the view .  if you 're moving slowly , make space on escalators , staircases for the speedy , he says .  granderson : drive the speed you want , but do n't infringe on the rights of those in a hurr .
 mitt romney , scott brown pair up after 2012 pause <sec> mitt romney and scott brown kept their distance in 2012 .  the two are now campaigning together as brown seeks a new senate seat .  experts say it 's all about political strateg .
 obama 'anger translator ' bit a hit <sec> david bianculli : correspondents ' dinner , and cecily strong as host , were mostly weak , but obama had some funny zingers .  he says `` anger translator '' bit was funny , but crowd was tough on strong as event went on and o .
 panamanian official killed in robbery crossfire <sec> national cultural institute director dies in shootout between robbers and guards .  culture minister anel omar rodriguez hit by stray bullet in crossfire .  panama 's president pledges to find killers and bring them to justic .
 no . 1 sharapova , clijsters exit wimbledon <sec> world no . .  1 maria sharapova loses fourth-round match against sabine lisicki .  lisicki will next play compatriot angelique kerber in wimbledon quarterfinals .  eighth seed lisicki beats kim clijsters in belgian 's final appearance at sw19 .  four-time winner serena williams to play defending champion petra kvitov .
 hillary clinton 's global legacy on gay rights <sec> frida ghitis : as secretary of state , clinton made equality for gays a foreign policy value .  she says treatment of lgbt citizens is a microcosm of a nation 's human rights approach .  she says clinton used u.s. sway to advance lgbt rights as global standard .  ghitis : clinton gave a boost to human rights for all and nudge to process of freedo .
 polygamist warren jeffs ' texas ranch being seized by state officials <sec> texas authorities meet with two residents of the yearning for zion ranch .  the residents say a total of eight adults now live on the ranch near eldorado .  authorities give them copies of court orders directing the state to take the ranch .  polygamist sect leader warren jeffs is serving a life sentenc .
 suspect : kids accidentally burned with acid <sec> suspect says four children accidentally burned with sulfuric acid .  tracy lynn escobedo 's surrender documented by local tv station .  children hospitalized ; three stable , one `` not very good , '' police sa .
 u.s. warns citizens in myanmar amid deadly sectarian unrest <sec> new : u.s. authorities warn citizens to avoid an area of yangon amid tensions .  authorities in meiktila find more bodies among the debris from riots last week .  thousands of displaced people are living `` barricaded in schools , '' the u.n. says .  president thein sein vows to take action against those responsibl .
 amal alamuddin now amal clooney : that ok ? ( opinion ) <sec> amal alamuddin changed her last name to clooney after she married george .  peggy drexler notes amal was slammed for abandoning her own name for a man 's .  drexler : it 's just a name . .  it was her decision . .  she does n't have to prove anything .  drexler : successful women can be models of empowerment whatever name they hav .
 u.s. stunned as europe wins ryder cup <sec> europe pull of a stunning turnaround to win the ryder cup 14.5-13.5 .  europe had trailed 10-6 going into the final round of matches sunday .  the teams were level at 13-13 with two matches left on the medinah course .  germany 's martin kaymer holed the definitive putt on the 18th gree .
 banker in obama speech recognized for his generosity <sec> miami , florida , banker leonard abess gets prime seat at obama speech .  abess received $ 60 million bonus , gave it to employees .  white house : abess demonstrates `` responsibility '' obama has called fo .
 a 2,600-year-old icon of freedom comes to the united states <sec> a clay cylinder found under the walls of babylon is a key link to our past .  neil macgregor says the cyrus cylinder describes rare act of tolerance .  it tells the story of persian king cyrus , who allowed conquered people to return home .  macgregor : cyrus cylinder will tour five major u.s. museums starting in marc .
 trash or save ? dealing with your outdated web pages <sec> update a wedding website immediately after the event , then let it die in a year .  facebook has a memorialization feature , so take advantage of it .  website relics are just , well , embarrassing ; make them private or delete the .
 north korea fires on south during military exercises ; south responds <sec> hagel says north korea `` needs to stop '' provocative moves .  north 's announcement of exercises was a good step , but still dangerous , expert says .  north and south korea exchange hundreds of shells across their western sea border .  north warned south it would conduct military exercises off the country 's western coas .
 oh , the horror ? it 's on your tv <sec> horror on television is drawing monster ratings .  the current wave is being credited with elevating the genre .  shows like `` the walking dead '' and `` american horror story '' paved the wa .
 free clinics ready to fill obamacare gaps <sec> free clinics worry that donors will dry up because of obamacare .  many make too much to qualify for medicaid and not enough to get coverage .  even medicaid patients look to the clinics to fill gaps in car .
 muslim brotherhood 's spiritual leader is arrested in egypt <sec> mohamed badie is arrested at an apartment in the nasr city section of cairo .  25 soldiers die in an attack in the sinai peninsula ; 3-day mourning period declared .  at least 37 muslim brotherhood prisoners reportedly killed in jailbreak attempt .  former president hosni mubarak is acquitted in one of many cases against hi .
 special prosecutor appointed in missouri teen rape case <sec> new : `` without fear and without favor , '' says county prosecutor jean peters baker .  new : she was appointed after a different prosecutor dropped charges in the case .  the alleged victim says she was raped when she was 14 .  her mother tells cnn she and her daughter want to have the case looked at `` fairly .
 attempted attack on dutch royal family leaves 5 dead <sec> new : five people killed and five badly injured in incident in dutch town of apeldoorn .  car hit crowd near open-top bus carrying queen beatrix of netherlands .  driver , among the badly hurt , is charged with trying to attack dutch royal famil .
 shutdown would take away $ 32 million a day from national parks <sec> the shutdown would be the first in more than 15 years .  places such as yellowstone national park would be closed as a result of the impasse .  shutdown could crimp plans in south carolina for 150th anniversary of civil war star .
 election-year politics will chart congress ' path this year <sec> new : two protesters detained by police at occupy congress demonstration .  fight over payroll tax cut and long-term unemployment benefits picks back up .  members will get a chance to vote against the president 's debt ceiling increase request .  a new poll finds only 11 % of americans approve of how congress is doing its jo .
 reality check : canada 's government health care system <sec> woman with tumor said wait would have been too long ; she got costly u.s. treatment .  canadian man with cancer says he was put on fast track for treatment .  sen. mitch mcconnell says u.s.-run program would mimic canada 's problems .  some doctors who spoke to cnn say mcconnell does n't have facts right on wait .
 jack johnson honors earth day with the gift of music <sec> singer-songwriter jack johnson releases a new album in honor of earth day .  proceeds from the album go to johnson 's foundation promoting conservation efforts in hawaii .  johnson also started the kokua festival to celebrate earth day and raise money for foundation .  johnson : the hands-on kokua hawaii foundation programs get kids out into natur .
 world cup : your guide to brazil 2014 in numbers <sec> the 2014 world cup will take place in brazil .  32 teams from across the world will compete for the biggest prize in world football .  all eight former winners have qualified for the tournament .  bosnia is the only country making its debut at the world cu .
 maker recalls 'x-rock ' male supplement <sec> `` undeclared active ingredients '' in x-rock for men `` pose a threat , '' the company says .  x-rock industries says it has not gotten any reports yet of `` adverse events '' .  the product is billed as an `` organic '' supplement with `` no chemicals or steroids .
 review : 'earth stood still ' falls apart <sec> `` the day the earth stood still '' a remake of 1951 classic .  keanu reeves plays klaatu , alien come to earth to tell humanity to straighten up .  new version suffers from preachy script , long , dull scene .
 five webby award winners to watch <sec> the 2012 webby awards winners were announced tuesday .  some celebrities won , but many were lesser-known honorees .  activism , animation , education , blog and music winners are profile .
 football : chelsea held by juventus <sec> defending champions chelsea held at home .  barcelona come from behind to defeat spartak moscow 3-2 .  bate borisov and cfr cluj both claim surprise victories .  manchester united survive scare to beat galatasara .
 mexico cult eyes 'evil ' secular schools <sec> three people are injured in clashes , as a cult blocks children from attending school .  governor : `` we need to remind these people that they are not living in a separate territory '' .  officials from mexico 's council of bishops have disavowed the grou .
 hawks ceo : 'we did not do the right thing ' on race <sec> hawks ceo steve koonin writes an open letter to fans and the city of atlanta .  it follows news of controversial remarks from hawks owner and general manager .  koonin says those were n't isolated incidents , saying other `` failures '' were n't corrected .  `` we should build bridges through basketball , not divide our community , '' he say .
 olympic memories : owens at berlin <sec> hitler 's nazi party designed the games as a showcase for white aryan talent .  owen won his first gold medal in the 100 meters .  owens ' quadruple triumph was a huge embarrassment to the host .
 learn to code , get a job <sec> douglas rushkoff : americans should be learning computer code the way we learn math .  learning to code teaches us what programs do , how they 're used on us , he says .  a free web-based interactive tutorial makes it possible .  rushkoff : programmers in demand ; employers hire code-savvy workers from abroa .
 oil spill at texas port dumps 450,000 gallons <sec> coast guard did not indicate how long cleanup will take ; investigation ongoing .  no injuries reported , but a 50-block area was evacuated .  coast guard deployed 4,000 feet of boom , four 25-foot boats and other vessels for cleanu .
 dario franchitti , 13 others hurt in houston race wreck <sec> franchitti suffers concussion , fractures to spine and ankle in the wreck .  franchitti 's car bumped , careens into fencing at houston grand prix .  the crash hurt 13 spectators , 3 of whom were taken to a hospital .  the three-time indy 500 winner and wife ashley judd announced divorce in januar .
 emerging markets split into tortoises and hares : which will win 2014 ? <sec> john defterios says the wef was quick to embrace the shift of growth to the east and the rise of india and china .  $ 64 billion was pulled out of emerging markets due to anxieties over the tapering of government bond purchases .  2014 may turn out to be a tricky year to navigate with the u.s. federal reserve in the mix , defterios write .
 shell issues nigeria oil warning after attack <sec> shell says it may not be able to meet supply contracts after nigerian attack .  two of shell 's oil pipelines sabotaged by rebel groups on monday .  company is working to repair the lines and get production running normall .
 old money real madrid hold off nouveau riche man city <sec> real madrid beat man city 3-2 at home after last minute ronaldo strike .  new boys zlatan ibrahimovic and thiago silva net as psg rout dynamo kiev 4-1 .  olivier giroud fails to score on montpellier return despite arsenal 's 2-1 win .  seven-time champions ac milan open with lacklustre goalless draw at home to anderlecht of belgiu .
 can congressional republicans repeal obamacare ? <sec> republicans say they can use reconciliation to overturn large parts of obamacare .  reconciliation lets a bare senate majority change certain tax and spending rules .  gop leaders are also using the issue to fire up their conservative base .  chief justice roberts called the mandate a tax in last thursday 's rulin .
 turkish pm announces additional sanctions on israel <sec> tensions between the two countries are rising .  an official says trade relations will not be suspended .  the tension stems from a 2010 raid on a gaza aid convoy .  israel says it does not want a further deterioration of relations with turke .
 manager vs player : famous fall-outs <sec> some of football 's biggest names have rowed with their managers .  football fanzone has listed some of the most memorable spats since 1999 .  do you agree with the list ? .  have your say in the sound off box below .
 red chair interview with hill harper <sec> hill harper : live your life and understand what true wealth is .  harper is known for his roles in `` csi : ny , `` `` beloved '' and `` he got game '' .  his latest book is called `` the wealth cure .
