 playing through the pain : how one hockey player put his pain on ice <sec> greg ozubko suffered terrible arthritis pain and could n't walk .  his nhl team the atlanta thrashers were having a terrible season .  that made him determined to get bette .
 2 george washington bridge guards fired for sleeping on job <sec> george washington bridge guards lose jobs after being caught napping on duty .  joey lepore says he took photos of one guard sleeping at post three times .  guards worked for fjc security , a security contractor used by the port authorit .
 steroid injections common for back pain sufferers <sec> cdc : 14,000 patients may have received contaminated spinal steroid injections .  steroids are commonly injected in patients with back pain , doctor says .  injections are last resort after anti-inflammatory medications and physical therap .
 louisiana governor : speed up power grid repairs <sec> new : lack of electricity will slow recovery efforts , governor says .  new : bush calls on other states to send repair help .  new orleans mayor : if you have id saying you live in the city , you can return .  city 's dusk-till-dawn curfew will be relaxed midnight thursda .
 babies ' herpes linked to circumcision practice <sec> two infants diagnosed with herpes after ultra-orthodox jewish circumcision ritual .  in it , the person performing the circumcision sucks blood away from the baby 's penis .  most adults carry hsv-1 virus ; health department says it can be deadly for babies .  the metzitzah b'peh ritual is practiced by relatively small number of ultra-orthodox jew .
 thailand 's largest refugee camp welcomes aung san suu kyi <sec> aung san suu kyi rounds of historic thai trip with visit to largest refugee camp in the country .  many of the 30,000 inhabitants fled persecution from myanmar 's military regime .  some wish to return to myanmar , but prefer to wait for reforms in myanmar to continue .  pro-democracy leader suu kyi recently elected to myanmar 's parliamen .
 bin hammam : fifa has already found me guilty <sec> mohamed bin hammam believes fifa has already decided he is guilty of bribery .  the qatari is accused of offering bribes in exchange for support in presidential election .  fifa 's ethics committee is meeting to reach a verdict on the accusation .
 texas police looking for man they believe sexually assaulted 4 sorority alumnae <sec> 4 black women in their 50s and 60s were allegedly attacked while at home alone , police say .  they were all alumnae of the delta sigma theta sorority .  the alleged attacker -- black and in his 30s or 40s -- knew personal info about his victims .  authorities have not named anyone , though they 've released a video of a possible suspec .
 gordon facing dakar disqualification <sec> robby gordon is facing disqualification from this year 's dakar rally .  stewards want to throw the american out of the race over his hummer 's engine .  marc coma now just 16 seconds behind cyril despres in motorcycle sectio .
 statue of liberty reopens on new york state 's dime <sec> the statue of liberty reopens after new york state agrees to pay to run it .  the landmark had been closed as a result of the partial government shutdown .  about 400 jobs had been lost in the shutdown , ticketing operator says .  arizona and south dakota also agreed to pay to keep their landmarks ope .
 man arrested after wife writes to obama asking for help <sec> woman sends letter to president obama about fears of husband being deported .  ice officers arrest him , and he is in jail for two weeks .  released when case starts attracting media attention .  ice investigating whether agents inappropriately arrested him after lette .
 early snow hits minnesota , wisconsin <sec> new : minnesota state patrol has responded to 401 accidents , 45 with injuries .  new : dozens of flights have been delayed or canceled .  as much as 11 inches of snow have fallen since friday night in parts of minnesota .  a winter storm warning is in effect in that state as well as portions of wisconsi .
 'hustle , ' '12 years ' are among top oscar nominees <sec> `` gravity , '' `` american hustle '' top all films with 10 oscar nods .  divisive `` wolf of wall street '' has things go its way .  oprah winfrey , robert redford , tom hanks snubbed .  oscars will take place march .
 sitter charged after 5-year-old fatally shoots self while she naps <sec> police : woman says she left her pistol on coffee table and took a nap .  5-year-old killed himself with babysitter 's gun .  the death was `` avoidable , '' chief deputy says .  father says the neighborhood is not dangerou .
 commentary : al qaeda 's support is fading <sec> audrey cronin : terror arrests and afghan debate make it seem al qaeda is gaining .  she says the reality is that the terror group is losing support .  cronin : u.s. should encourage the disillusionment with al qaeda in muslim worl .
 the battle over gun policy : old fight , new strategies <sec> the fight over gun law reform is being waged in the statehouses and through well-funded lobbying .  forty states have enacted some type of gun legislation this year .  guns and mental health is a hot-button issue following the latest fort hood shooting .  the obama administration is trying to get gun violence research funded ; some republicans oppose i .
 iraq leader , obama discuss future troop pullout <sec> new : sen. barack obama , iraqi prime minister reportedly hold `` productive '' talks .  sens . .  jack reed and chuck hagel accompany obama on trip .  obama has talks with afghan president hamid karzai on sunday .  obama says part of his strategy is `` taking the fight to al qaeda in afghanistan .
 apparently this matters : hairy leg stockings <sec> an image claiming to be `` hairy leg '' stockings appeared on a chinese blog .  trend-watching site chinasmack suggests they 're designed to be anti-pervert .  many do n't believe the stockings are real since they ca n't be found for purchas .
 philadelphia woman disappeared on her birthday <sec> search has taken police to atlanta , georgia .  lisa michelle hatchell disappeared on her birthday in 2003 .  she lived with a boyfriend in southwest philadelphia , pennsylvania .  know something ? .  call philadelphia police at 215-685-325 .
 state : no charges in connecticut chimpanzee attack <sec> chimpanzee mauled and blinded a connecticut woman earlier this year .  owner was not aware of the risk the chimpanzee posed , state 's attorney says .  criminal prosecution would have had to determine that owner acted recklessly .  in march , charla nash filed a lawsuit seeking $ 50 million in damages from the owne .
 new magazine targets prostitutes <sec> magazine for prostitutes offers snapshot of life in india 's biggest brothels .  monthly `` red light despatch '' reports on world of pimps , violent customers .  prostitution is illegal in india , but it is a thriving underground industry .  voluntary groups estimate 2 million women in india work as prostitute .
 tainted cantaloupes linked to 13 deaths , public health officials say <sec> new : the cdc warns consumers to throw out suspect fruit and watch for illnesses .  tainted cantaloupes are linked to 13 deaths ; 72 illnesses have been reported in 18 states .  the illnesses are linked to rocky ford cantaloupes grown at jensen farms in colorado .  4 families affected have filed lawsuit .
 magazine office burns as islam issue hits stands <sec> the mayor of paris `` strongly condemns '' the `` act of violence '' .  charlie hebdo releases a special `` arab spring '' edition .  the cover features a bearded and turbaned cartoon figure of the prophet mohammed .  police can not confirm the fire was caused by arso .
 a new player steps into south carolina governor 's race <sec> tom ervin was running as a republican but withdrew and entered as an independent .  incumbent nikki haley is one of the republican party 's brightest stars .  some republicans think democrats are behind ervin 's campagin to split gop vote .  some democrats think ervin could split the anti-haley vote and assure her victor .
 queen elizabeth ii to miss commonwealth heads meeting <sec> new : secretary-general says commonwealth respects queen 's decision not to travel .  new : the number of long-haul flights taken by the queen is being reviewed , a source says .  she will be represented at a meeting of commonwealth heads in sri lanka by prince charles .  the commonwealth is a voluntary association of 54 countries around the worl .
 judge tosses out ex-spy 's lawsuit against cheney in cia leak case <sec> ex-spy had accused members of bush administration of leaking her identity .  judge tosses out lawsuit from valerie plame , husband joseph wilson .  bush-appointed judge said couple failed to show case belongs in federal court .  plame 's identity as a cia operative was exposed in july 200 .
 5 charged in chinese kidney scheme , state media says <sec> a surgeon removed the organ in april 2011 from a high school student , xinhua says .  the boy is now suffering from renal insufficiency , it says .  the surgeon , from a provincial hospital , received nearly $ 35,000 in the deal , it says .  the boy was given about $ 3,500 , the news agency report .
 police arrest london man suspected of terror offenses <sec> police : 32-year-old man is arrested on suspicion of being a member or supporter of isis .  he 's also accused of collecting information useful to somebody planning an act of terroris .
 buffett criticizes kraft 's bid for cadbury <sec> kraft raises offer , extends deadline in takeover bid for cadbury .  kraft shareholder warren buffett says he voted against cadbury offer .  illinois company sells u.s. pizza business to nestle to fund revised offer .  uk candy maker cadbury rejects offer , says terms remain `` unchanged , derisory .
 all coalition troops at afghan bases now armed around the clock <sec> nato official 's order was made in recent days as concern mounted over the attacks .  taliban leader mullah mohammed omar has purportedly released a statement .  in the statement , he says fighters are having success infiltrating afghan forces .  `` green-on-blue '' attacks have been carried out by afghans in security uniform .
 woman dies of bird flu in china <sec> the woman died monday after she was admitted to hospital on december 27 .  she had bought ducks at a market in hebei province , which neighbors beijing .  no one around her has fallen ill .  h5n1 has led to 248 deaths worldwide since 2003 , including 21 in chin .
 exclusive : anger 'wo n't bring him back : ' wife of slain prisons chief <sec> lisa clements is the wife of slain colorado prisons chief tom clements .  she and her two daughters do n't want clements remembered for his killing .  the family says they are `` praying '' for the grace to forgiv .
 greenpeace disputes russia 's claim it found drugs on arctic sunrise <sec> russia 's investigative committee says it found morphine , opium aboard greenpeace ship .  greenpeace says russian claim `` is a smear , it 's a fabrication , pure and simple '' .  russian authorities detained 30 people aboard the arctic sunrise last month .  greenpeace says they were protesting peacefully , russia accuses them of pirac .
 judge : khalid sheikh mohammed wo n't testify at abu gaith 's trial <sec> sulaiman abu ghaith , osama bin laden 's son-in-law , is accused of being al qaeda 's propagandist .  his defense wanted testimony by admitted 9/11 mastermind , khalid sheikh mohammed .  a federal judge called the request `` entirely baseless '' in a scathing rulin .
 how to build peace in iraq <sec> as u.s. combat troops leave iraq , diplomats face challenge of building peace , says daniel serwer .  he says u.s. needs to guarantee the solution iraqis develop to their political impasse .  he says spending on diplomacy protects $ 700 billion investment u.s. has made in new regim .
 benitez booed as chelsea fans protest <sec> chelsea fans unleashed their feelings at new manager rafael benitez .  supporters cheered and sang the name of former manager roberto di matteo .  chelsea fail to find a way past manchester city in goalless draw .  victories for tottenham and southampton while liverpool hel .
 desperation grows : mass grave found outside port-au-prince <sec> at least one mass grave has been dug outside port-au-prince .  small signs of progress in food and water distribution .  president obama offers `` full support of the american people '' to haitian leader .  u.n. secretary-general , u.s. secretary of state to come to hait .
 ukraine : the dangers of using past crises to justify the present <sec> andrew hammond : ukraine is europe 's biggest geopolitical crisis for two decades .  russia is drafting counter-proposals to a u.s. plan for a negotiated solution , he says .  hammond : the use of analogies by politicians in international crises is commonplace .  the most widely used historical analogy is that of munich and nazi germany , he write .
 snow , cold stretches from upper midwest to virginia <sec> new : a winter storm warning is out for parts of north carolina , virginia and west virginia .  new : 5 inches of snow fell in chicago and madison , while 3 inches fell in indianapolis .  the storm 's timing , after friday rush hour , helped minimize its impact in chicago .  temperatures are 5 to 15 degrees colder than normal on much of the east coas .
 bomb kills 30 , wounds dozens at sunni mosque in iraq <sec> bomb was hidden in ac ducts of sunni mosque .  separate attack kills 4 at different sunni mosque .  on wednesday a suicide bomber killed 30 at shiite mosque in baghda .
 'nurse-in ' supports public breastfeeding <sec> protests held at target stores across country .  women are in solidarity with breastfeeding mother .  that mother said she was harassed by employees .  target says it supports breastfeeding in its store .
 elizabeth meyer recalls 'armageddon battle ' to restore endeavour <sec> elizabeth meyer risked her life 's worth to restore 1930s america 's cup yacht endeavour .  the painstaking restoration of a shell of a boat led to a resurgence in classic yachting .  meyer has family links to both the world bank and the watergate scandal .  the j-class yachts she restores were seen as the pinnacle of sail boat .
 earth waves at saturn in giant nasa image <sec> nasa releases photo mosaic of people waving at saturn .  people sent 1,400 pictures of themselves waving from 30 states , 40 countries .  meanwhile , cassini-huygens spacecraft was taking a more distant picture of earth .  `` wave at saturn '' campaign was an opportunity to highlight images being taken of the plane .
 rutgers to let some male , female students room together <sec> university wants to be more inclusive .  about 55 other universities have `` gender-neutral '' housing , organizer says .  rutgers ' impetus was gay student 's suicid .
 severe turbulence on united flight leads to injuries , questions <sec> another passenger describes the turbulence as feeling like a fall .  five people were taken to hospitals .  the captain declared a medical emergency on united flight 1676 .  there were 114 passengers and five crew members on boar .
 1 dead , others missing after train derails , burns in quebec <sec> new : several people reported missing , police say .  firefighters from the u.s. and canada rush to fight the blaze .  flames climb stories high into the sky and spread to homes .  fuel spills into the river running past the tow .
 at least 55 dead , dozens missing after ship sinks in russia <sec> new : divers have not yet reached area of the boat where people had gathered .  president medvedev : `` the number of old tubs that are now in use is just staggering '' .  he orders a special investigation and tells prosectuors to look into the case .  the ship was overloaded and not licensed to carry passengers , prosecutors sa .
 newcastle manager alan pardew fined $ 168,000 for head-butt <sec> newcastle united manager fined £100,000 by club for clash with opposing player .  pardew head-butted hull city midfielder david meyler during second half of league match .  newcastle also give pardew a formal warning ; english fa set to investigate inciden .
 humans on mars by 2035 ? nasa 's dream could be reality <sec> nasa chief scientist , ellen stofan , wants humans on mars by mid-2030s .  astronauts would take 8 months to reach planet , face radiation , thin atmosphere .  studying mars would help us better understand earth .  believes there must be intelligent life in our univers .
 gang members , cop arrested in filmmaker 's slaying in el salvador <sec> 5 men in el salvador arrested in killing of french filmmaker christian poveda .  a sixth man who allegedly ordered the murder was already in prison , officials said .  poveda recently finished a documentary about a violent street gang in el salvador .  poveda found shot dead in town of tonacatepeque , on september 2 , officials sai .
 'this has been my dream , ' spelling bee winner says <sec> kavya shivashankar of olathe , kansas , wins in fourth trip to national finals .  the 13-year-old eighth-grader will receive $ 40,000 in cash and prizes .  focus on task keeps cameras and media from distracting her , kavya says .  girl may return to scene if younger sister does well in future competition .
 holding gitmo inmates would be economic boost , illinois officials say <sec> proposal calls for using maximum-security prison in struggling northern illinois .  on monday , federal officials to visit facility in thomson , about 150 miles west of chicago .  `` it 's good for our economy , it 's good for public safety , '' illinois governor says .  but rep. mark kirk says plan could make chicago `` ground zero '' for terror plots , recruitmen .
 nasty lawsuit inspires # shadesofrevlon hashtag <sec> revlon chairman says ceo `` has my full support '' .  lawsuit accuses revlon ceo of being racist .  twitter responds with # shadesofrevlo .
 somali parliament ousts prime minister <sec> prime minister , president had clashed over cabinet picks .  prime minister abdi farah shirdon served less than 14 months of four-year term .  this is latest shake-up in country that has struggled for effective central governanc .
 can u.s. host south american soccer showpiece ? <sec> announcement that the 2016 copa america will be in the u.s. yet to be confirmed .  south american federation plans to move tournament to celebrate its centenary .  concacaf is open to the idea , but insists talks over the proposals are ongoing .  soccer expert grant wahl suggests the tournament could be lucrative for conmebo .
 amanpour : dented khamenei faces battle of wills <sec> amanpour : ayatollah 's credibility dented by huge street protests in iran .  sources say security forces are monitoring activists ' emails , sms messages .  iran : intelligence officials could lose their control in face of mass protest .
 police respond to threat at facebook , find it noncredible <sec> report : police closed off the entrance to facebook 's headquarters .  after searching the campus , they found nothing suspicious .  police later allowed employees to go home as planne .
 why we need a new kind of doctor <sec> atul gawande : medicine developed around the idea of the `` cowboy '' doctor .  he says today 's doctors do n't know it all ; they have to specialize and be part of a team .  he says strong teams in medicine get the best results and provide care more cheaply .  gawande : today 's doctor should interact as if he were part of an auto racing pit cre .
 the ainu : japan 's little known ethnic group <sec> ainu museum is a re-creation of an outdoor village of japan 's indigenous people .  there are about 25,000 ainu people but only about 10 ainu speakers .  they lead a relatively hard life compared to other japanese people toda .
 obama pledges u.s. military power in pacific <sec> new : `` the united states is a pacific power , '' obama says in australia .  up to 2,500 u.s. marines will be deployed near darwin .  deal with australia sends a message in light of china 's growing military power .  the president will wrap up his pacific trip with a stop in indonesi .
 saudi arabia reports first swine flu death <sec> 30-year-old man dies in hospital after suffering high fever , cough , shortness of breath .  saudi arabia has diagnosed more than 230 cases of the h1n1 virus this year .  concern in saudi over possible impact of virus on hajj later this year .  saudi government says it will set up quarantine centers at airport .
 $ 236,000 unpaid toll bill for one texas duo <sec> one vehicle has used texas toll roads 14,000 times without paying .  texas now publishes the names of the top violators .  all of the top scofflaws are from the austin area .  at least a payment plan is availabl .
 11 killed at stampede at nigerian campaign event <sec> a stampede at an event for president goodluck jonathan killed 11 .  it was at a stadium in an area where jonathan has a lot of support .  it has been an imperfect start for the president 's campaig .
 djokovic and ferrer ease into third round <sec> serb drops five games in comfortable win over brazilian dutra silva .  fourth seed david ferrer through to third round after straight sets win over dutch qualifier sijsling .  andy roddick playing against bernard tomic late frida .
