 newly discovered virus takes more lives , spreads <sec> of 49 known infections , 27 have ended in death .  symptoms are cold-like but are severe and can lead to pneumonia and kidney failure .  the who calls the mers-cov virus `` a threat to the entire world .
 adam sandler feeling fat for 'bedtime ' <sec> adam sandler wore cast for part of `` bedtime stories '' filming .  some scenes required a body double after star broke ankle .  sandler says he let himself go after `` you do n't mess with the zohan .
 new orleans jazz fest 's co-founder looks back <sec> quint davis is the producer/director of the new orleans jazz festival .  davis co-founded the festival 40 years ago in louisiana .  festival expects 400,000 attendees despite the sour economy , davis says .  david : `` this festival always has been this sort of battery to recharge yourself .
 tommy morrison , ex-boxer and 'rocky v ' co-star , dies <sec> morrison won the wbo heavyweight title in 1993 .  he played tommy `` machine '' gunn in `` rocky v '' .  the fighter died in omaha with his wife by his sid .
 matchmaking cleric tries to bring bliss to iranians <sec> iranian cleric , wife runs matchmaking service .  service offers option for social interaction between iranian singles .  cleric claims his service has married 2,000 couples without a divorc .
 russia : humanitarian aid was delivered in ukraine <sec> new : russia says it intends to `` continue to cooperate '' in aid efforts to ukraine .  new : german chancellor angela merkel arrives in ukraine for talks with its president .  osce chairman appeals to all sides not to escalate the situation .  putin blames ukraine for humanitarian crisis , says it 'd be `` unacceptable '' to delay convo .
 syrian death toll tops 2,200 , u.n. says <sec> new : the u.n. human rights council meets in geneva , switzerland .  new : at least 5 people are killed in syria when regime supporters open fire , an activist group says .  the u.n. meeting comes after the united nations sent a humanitarian mission to syria .  syrian president bashar al-assad promises political reform and rejects a call for him to qui .
 war-crimes judge orders check into reports of prosecutorial misconduct <sec> judge has ordered a `` friend of the court '' to look into the accusations .  issue concerns the continuing trial of a serbian politician accused of war crimes .  former chief prosecutor carla del ponte is among prosecutors name .
 student killed in fight at florida school , officials say <sec> new : victim identified in high school stabbing in coral gables , florida .  new : juan carlos rivera , 17 , was killed in altercation in school courtyard area .  a male suspect is taken into custody , but police do not identify him .  superintendent : violent acts such as this `` are almost not preventable .
 go left : driving in great britain and ireland <sec> rick steves writes european travel guidebooks and hosts travel shows .  his tv series , `` rick steves ' europe , '' airs on pbs stations .  steves ' company , europe through the back door , conducts european tour .
 rafael nadal recovers in time to win rio open <sec> rafael nadal sees off alexandr dolgopolov to win the inaugural rio open .  nadal overcomes a blip in the second set to prevail 63 76 on sunday .  it was nadal 's first tournament since hurting his back at the australian open .  the 'king of clay ' boosts his title haul on the sport 's slowest surface to 4 .
 'lake lindsey ' vonn leads historic u.s. clean sweep <sec> lindsey vonn wins world cup downhill at lake louise .  first victory in nearly two years after serious injury problems .  leads first-ever u.s. clean sweep in world cup .  vonn finishes second to lara gut in concluding super-g in canad .
 pak 's legacy : korean golf comes full circle as choi achieves u.s. open dream <sec> na yeon choi becomes fourth korean in five years to win u.s. women 's open .  she watched se ri pak win the same tournament at the same venue in 1998 .  pak congratulates choi after finishing tied for ninth at blackwolf run on sunday .  choi 's compatriot amy yang claims second place in the major tournamen .
 inter star sneijder dropped in pay dispute <sec> dutch midfielder wes sneijder in contract dispute with inter milan .  cash-strapped italian club asking the 28-year-old to take a pay cut .  he has not played since september 26 and will not be considered for selection .  sneijder has been one of inter 's key players since moving to the san siro in 200 .
 a-list actors relive shameful audition moments <sec> stars confess their casting calamities and tales of audition woe . .  dustin hoffman remembers how he `` lost it '' and screamed at a casting agent .  ethan hawke confesses to falling `` on his ass '' .  eli roth `` blew it '' when he first auditioned for `` inglourious basterds .
 strauss-kahn files counterclaim against french writer <sec> lawyer for french journalist says he will file a criminal complaint over 2003 incident .  banon 's mother advised her not to file a complaint for fear it would hurt her career .  strauss-kahn was arrested on an unrelated sex charge , but the case may be crumbling .  he resigned as head of the international monetary fund after the new york charge .
 russia amnesty could free pussy riot , benefit greenpeace members <sec> russian lawmakers back sweeping amnesty law .  pussy riot members , greenpeace activists seen affected by law .  amnesty to take effect december 19 -report .  russia 's human rights record in spotlight as country prepares for winter olympics in soch .
 primetime emmys : can broadcast compete against cable ? <sec> host seth meyers joked about network tv celebrating cable shows .  some critics were unhappy with `` modern family '' win .  netflix nominees and other edgy cable shows were shut out this yea .
 more than 1,000 get mumps in new york , new jersey since august <sec> almost all the cases of mumps involve adolescent orthodox jews .  outbreak traced to boy who went to united kingdom during mumps outbreak .  severe cases of mumps can lead to brain inflammation and deafness .  it 's the largest outbreak in the u.s. since 200 .
 oscar pistorius , an inspiration and a question <sec> oscar pistorius is running in the 2012 olympics on prosthetic legs .  paul wolpe : is it fair for amputee athletes to compete with able-bodied athletes ? .  he asks what would happen when prosthetic technology becomes even more advanced .  wolpe : decision to let pistorius participate in the olympics raises many ethical issue .
 india can learn respect for women <sec> suniti neogy : gang-rape , murder in new delhi has forced many indians to confront truth .  she says she was asked to lead workshop promoting gender sensitivity in an indian district .  she said adult male teachers said they had not considered helping wives around house .  neogy : for kids to learn respect for women , they must see it modeled by adults they respec .
 russia kills al qaeda militant who fought with chechen rebels <sec> russian security forces kill al qaeda emissary .  doger sevdet fought alongside chechen rebels .  chechnya is located in the north caucasus region of russi .
 opinion : lewinsky and rove -- good news for hillary clinton ? <sec> hillary clinton continues to attract big attention even though she has n't become a candidate .  julian zelizer says comments from rove and an article by lewinsky may help clinton .  he says these incidents remind people of hillary clinton 's resilience during the 1990s .  zelizer : gop comes across as the investigative party , and empathy goes to clinton 's benefi .
 the personal tension between obama , netanyahu - cnnpolitics.com <sec> the relationship between the u.s. and israel is hitting new lows .  an obama administration official was quoted as calling israeli pm `` chickens -- t .
 parents of poison victims say china linking them to falun gong <sec> spokesperson : citizens of wugang area received calls from members of falun gong .  villagers said they have suffered enough and government 's accusation is insulting .  follows protests from local parents after pollution from local factory left 1,000 kids ill .  china banned falun gong in 1999 and has cracked down on practitioner .
 need a career change ? five jobs that let you see the world <sec> recent grads , people ready for a career change can find work abroad .  germany , switzerland and south korea pay some of the highest teacher salarie .
 operation falcon nets 35,190 fugitives in annual sweep <sec> u.s. marshals team with local law enforcement for annual sweep .  nationwide operation apprehends 2,356 fugitive sex offenders , officials say .  raids also net 433 murder suspects , 2,400 kilograms of narcotics .  in cleveland , ohio , officials arrest 1,211 people in 30 day .
 leonardo : beckham not joining psg <sec> psg sporting director leonardo says david beckham will not join french club .  leonardo says los angeles galaxy veteran does not want to move his family .  beckham had been expected to return to europe ahead of the 2012 olympics .  the 36-year-old 's contract with the galaxy expired at the end of 201 .
 at & t iphone beats verizon in nationwide 3g speed tests <sec> verizon iphone and at & t iphone go head-to-head in broadband tests .  you should get a verizon iphone if you really care about voice quality and calls .  at & t iphone is better as a media-consumption devic .
 hasbro to help 'operation ' game creator john spinello <sec> new : hasbro has offered to purchase john spinello 's original `` operation '' prototype .  spinello , creator of the game , needs a medical procedure .  spinello is struggling to pay his bills and does n't have sufficient health insurance , his friends say .  the game inventor was paid $ 500 for `` operation '' decades ag .
 turkish warplanes bomb kurdish rebels in northern iraq <sec> turkish military said it pounded more than 100 targets in northern iraq .  tensions have been escalating between the turkish government and the kurdish minority .  two soldiers were killed in clashes in siirt province , official say .
 monopoly : at 80 , it just keeps 'go'-ing <sec> monopoly celebrates 80th anniversary on thursday .  popular board game actually has origins in early 20th century .  game has inspired catchphrases , made streets famous , prompted different rule .
 long-dormant volcano erupts in indonesia <sec> officials say there are no reports of casualties or injuries so far .  mount sinabung was inactive for more than 400 years .  state media reports that 12,000 residents have been evacuated from 14 village .
 screams , 'we 're down , ' recorded in cockpit of crashing plane <sec> new : first officer talked to pilot about fear of crashing , transcript shows .  safety board releases transcript from cockpit of plane 's final moments .  february crash near buffalo , new york , killed all 49 on plane and one on ground .  monday report cited pilot 's training ; airline says training met faa requirement .
 leno questions bachmann over gay rights , hpv vaccine <sec> bachmann continues her criticism of rick perry over the hpv vaccine .  leno presses bachmann on gay marriage and the counseling clinics she runs .  the presidential hopeful says her opposition to raising the debt ceiling was not political .  bachmann declines to say who her running mate would b .
 florida files charges in death of famu drum major , hazing of 2 others <sec> new : mother wanted more severe charges to be filed .  two suspects in custody in leon county , officials said .  the case does not support murder charges , prosecutor said .  champion died after he was beaten on a bus in novembe .
 for some fans , lessons of 'potter ' carry over into real world <sec> `` harry potter '' fans have formed the `` harry potter alliance '' organization .  group uses lessons from potter 's mentor dumbledore for good in the real world .  watch andrew slack 's question for obama .  share your thoughts on the latest `` potter '' movie at ireport.co .
 'i knew my husband was going to go , ' west nile widow says <sec> indiana reports its first west nile virus death this year .  in north carolina , betty west 's husband died quietly , without a struggle , she says .  she thinks an infected mosquito bit him as he picked tomatoes .  howard west is one at least 26 to die in the current outbrea .
 myanmar steps up security after sectarian clashes kill 50 <sec> more than 1,000 houses have been set on fire in recent clashes .  attacks and counterattacks between buddhists and muslims began in may .  after months of tense calm , they have flared up again this week .  authorities have extended overnight curfews in several township .
 phone-hacking trial : kate middleton 's name on 'target evaluation ' list <sec> uk prosecutors on the phone hacking trial release a `` target evaluation '' list .  they say it was written by accused private investigator glenn mulcaire .  the list includes kate middleton and other well-known figure .
 fbi top 10 fugitive captured in mexico , officials say <sec> jorge alberto lopez orozco is wanted in elmore county , idaho , .  fbi was still working friday to confirm the identity of the man in custody .  wanted on charges he shot and killed three people , the fbi said . .  charred remains of woman and her sons , ages 2 and 4 , were found august 11 , 200 .
 ex-pakistan ruler pervez musharraf indicted in bhutto murder case <sec> musharraf 's spokesman calls the accusation `` false , fabricated and fictitious '' .  musharraf was in court for the indictment .  pakistan 's first female prime minister was killed while campaigning in 2007 .  musharraf has been under house arrest since apri .
 how mobile tech can influence our brain <sec> adam gazzaley : frequent interruptions challenge our cognitive control system .  gazzaley : `` noise in the system '' erodes our performance , including memory .  he says we 're not slaves to technology ; we should try to operate in focus mode .  gazzaley : despite concerns , mobile technology can be harnessed to improve our mind .
 ice age baby mammoth goes on display in hong kong <sec> scientists says lyuba , which means `` love '' in russian , died after 32 days of life .  the french explorer who announced lyuba 's discovery in 2007 , says the specimen is insured for $ 1 million .  extreme cold and the lack of oxygen helped to keep the baby mammoth nearly 100 % intact .  a trio of real skulls from other extinct ice age animals are also displayed in the mal .
 new york man accused of trying to broker kidney sale <sec> levy izhak rosenbaum offered to get kidney for undercover agent , complaint says .  `` i am what you call a matchmaker , '' he is quoted as telling agents .  rosenbaum accused of charging $ 160,000 for kidney coming from israel .  rosenbaum said he has arranged kidney sales for 10 years , complaint say .
 how obama could win in a landslide <sec> charles garcia : republicans ' stance on immigration gives obama opportunity .  he says the president needs to establish an emotional connection with latinos .  obama can point to health care , improving economy , greater scholarship money , he says .  garcia : if latinos go strongly for obama , he could win in a landslid .
 joe wilson says outburst to obama speech 'spontaneous ' <sec> new : president obama says he accepts rep. joe wilson 's apology .  wilson says gop leadership told him to call white house , apologize .  wilson issued apology to president over `` you lie ! '' .  outburst during speech .  outburst came when obama denied health care plan covered illegal immigrant .
 central african republic : what 's going on , what 's next <sec> a coalition of rebels ousted president francois bozize in march .  the nation plunged into complete chaos .  world response has been limite .
 medical examiner : jagger 's girlfriend l'wren scott died by 'hanging ' <sec> new york medical examiner determines that l'wren scott died of suicide .  her remains have been claimed , an office spokeswoman says .  the notable fashion designer was mick jagger 's longtime girlfrien .
 commentary : how we got into this money mess <sec> glenn beck : hundreds of years of wall street history vanished this week .  major companies collapsed due to the subprime mortgage fiasco , he says .  beck : firms still own too many toxic mortgages they ca n't sell .  a new government agency could form to buy up mortgages , beck say .
 are disabled still at risk in disasters ? <sec> those with disabilities are especially at risk in disasters , says fema 's craig fugate .  help did not arrive for victims in such disasters as hurricane katrina .  fugate : historically relief authorities have n't planned for those with disabilities .  he says fema is taking on the challenge , but there 's a long way to g .
 epa delays final hearing on hydraulic fracturing <sec> the large number of people expected to attend has caused two venues to increase fees .  a meeting is now planned for september in upstate new york .  well owners contend natural gas extraction has contaminated their water supplie .
 arsenal profit as chelsea held by spurs in stamford bridge draw <sec> chelsea draw 2-2 at home to spurs in english premier league .  blues stay third with 69 points , two more than arsenal with fifth-placed spurs on 66 .  real madrid win keeps barca 's title celebrations on hol .
 eliot spitzer to toss hat back in the political ring <sec> new : spitzer says he plans to run for comptroller .  new : spitzer says he 's looking for forgiveness and a second chance . .  spitzer resigned in 2008 in the wake of a prostitution scanda .
 boko haram slaughters scores in border town <sec> attackers go door-to-door in predawn slaughter , say residents of fotokol .  boko haram fighters also opened fire on mosques , and killed worshippers and imam in the central mosqu .
 dangerous rocks : can both sides back off peacefully ? <sec> relations between china and japan remain tense amid ongoing islands dispute .  kingston : this is a dangerous game of brinksmanship , both countries have a lot to lose .  fueled by territorial disputes , seabed resources , strategic ambitions , nationalism .  political transition in both countries might be an opportunity to hit the reset butto .
 kenya rejects call for military help in somalia <sec> somali parliament speaker asks djibouti , ethiopia , kenya , yemen to send troops .  country is battling hardline islamist militants .  kenya says african union must lead such an effort .  au says it will help somali .
 mapping out a new world order <sec> the atlas of the real world brings economic , social and environmental data to life .  366 cartograms include vivid data on disease , wealth , poverty and the environment .  team are extending the collection with maps of language and developing animation .
 new alabama law unsettling for some undocumented immigrants <sec> hb56 could let police ask about legal status of people investigated for crime , detain them .  perla perez : `` i 'm not afraid for myself . .  ... .  but then what would happen to my children ? '' .  montgomery department wants hispanic children in system to continue going to school .  owner of a food store who came to the u.s. illegally worries that he ca n't stay ope .
 a hundred years ago : the 'golden age ' of poster design <sec> letterpress artist alan kitching and monotype have joined forces to commemorate five poster design greats with a series of prints .  tom eckersley , abram games , fhk henrion , josef müller-brockmann and paul rand were the leading poster artists of the last century .  their designs were widely revered by the public and the graphic design communit .
 americans brutally attacked in ecuador , officials say <sec> u.s. officials say man was stabbed repeatedly , his fiancée raped and beaten .  relative tells media that couple was attacked on beach in northern ecuador .  fiancée writes in blog that her companion may not survive despite three surgeries .  state department site advises caution when traveling to parts of northern ecuado .
 no coal , no growth , says south african power company chief <sec> brian dames is the ceo of south africa 's power utility company eskom .  he argues that coal has allowed sa to become africa 's biggest economy .  south africa is committed `` to move towards a lower carbon footprint over time , '' he say .
 arms dealer 's dad wanted 'nice ' doctor son <sec> 22-year-old arms dealer faces congressional inquiry .  company supplied ammunition made in china decades ago .  company 's contract called for bullets made in hungary .  grandfather says dealer , 22 , had `` gift '' for weaponr .
 how isis and iraq upheaval threatens the wider world <sec> islamic state of iraq and syria ( isis ) has taken over iraq 's second largest city , mosul .  charlie cooper of anti-extremism think tank quilliam says development is worrying .  `` rejected by al qaeda because of its ferocity , '' isis `` has a fetish for anti-shia sectarianism '' .  international community -- and iraq -- must act against isis 's gains , says coope .
