 key senate republicans disagree with house gop on war powers debate <sec> sens . .  mccain , graham oppose de-funding libya mission .  house speaker boehner warns congress may cut funds over war powers dispute .  u.s. officials say the limited u.s. role in libya falls short of the law 's scope .  ten legislators are suing the government over the legality of the u.s. participatio .
 man city close gap on chelsea as villa hold united <sec> manchester city draw level on points with premier league leaders chelsea after 3-0 win over crystal palace .  manchester united settle for 1-1 draw away at aston villa to stay third in table .  luis suarez scores his first goal for barcelona in a 5-0 win over cordoba .  but there 's no festive feeling for paris saint germain and borussia dortmun .
 ghosts , spirits and thailand 's award-winning film director <sec> apichatpong weerasethakul won the palm d'or at the 2010 cannes film festival .  thai director thanked ghosts and spirits in his acceptance speech .  weerasethakul critical of lack of freedom on expression in thailan .
 over 5 million jeep vehicles under investigation for deadly fires <sec> fiery fuel-tank crashes have resulted in 48 deaths since 1993 .  no recall has been announced .  the vehicles in question are n't defective , chrysler says in a statemen .
 muslim activists aim to reclaim the word 'jihad ' with ad campaign <sec> muslim group wants to reclaim true meaning of the word `` jihad '' .  jihad `` does not mean to commit harm against other people , '' group says .  activists plan to add tv , radio to social media and public transportation campaign .
 cubs legend ernie banks a <sec> ernie banks ' caretaker did n't tell the family she had him sign a new will , his sons say .  the caretaker says she is determined to adhere to banks ' wishe .
 bad weather hampers oil cleanup efforts <sec> new : containment cap bounced , allowing 20,000 barrels to get by .  new : skimming and burning halted , coast guard says .  new : loop current could deposit degraded oil on florida coast .  epa toured coast friday after giving bp new cleanup directiv .
 world aids day 25 years on : it 's time to stop saying 'aids in africa ' <sec> 25 years on from the first world aids day , much progress has been made in fight against aids .  erin hohlfelder says 16 african countries have passed the `` beginning of end of aids '' tipping point .  `` treatment now works better , and costs less , allowing people with aids to live long , productive lives '' .  but hohlfelder says we must not allow complacency to set in ; there is still much to be don .
 cameron promises referendum on britain 's place in europe <sec> new : italy 's prime minister says he 's sure britain will remain part of the eu .  `` we want to see a strong british voice in the eu , '' a u.s. diplomat says .  cameron sets out options in a landmark speech on britain 's future in the european union .  he wants a vote on britain remaining in the eu on renegotiated terms -- or leavin .
 iran 's soulful voice stings hardline regime <sec> iranian musician is using his voice like never before .  mohammad reza shajarian protested the islamic regime 's use of one of his anthems sung during the 1979 revolution .  his music is critical of iran 's crackdown on post-election protester .
 fighting paralysis , one milestone at a time <sec> francesco clark injured his spine at age 24 in a diving accident .  determined to move again , he sought conventional and unconventional treatments .  he credits his family for their support during his long road to regaining some movement .  clark also founded a skin-care company after losing his ability to swea .
 space harpoon plan to nail orbital garbage <sec> scientists are set to meet in germany to discuss ways of tackling space debris .  it is estimated that there are 6,000 tons of space junk in earth 's orbit .  space technology company astrium has devised a plan to harpoon debris .  the debris would then be towed towards earth 's atmosphere , where it would burn u .
 israel denies student held in egypt is a spy <sec> new : israeli diplomats visited ilan grapel on tuesday .  the aid agency ilan grapel was working for says it had no reason to be suspicious .  foreign minister avigdor lieberman says he has no idea why grapel was detained .  the law student and former israeli paratrooper was apprehended and questioned sunda .
 nothing but water -- and questions <sec> new : six planes continue search in remote indian ocean .  so far no sign of objects seen by satellite .  what was up with pilot 's call , and were batteries aboard the plane dangerous ? .  australian officials have said the objects could be from flight 37 .
 the masters by numbers : magic and misery at augusta national <sec> the masters tournament is the opening major of the golfing year .  played annually at the prestigious augusta national golf club in georgia .  tournament co-founded by bobby jones is one of sport 's great spectacle .
 high peaks and wildlife put tanzania on the tourist map <sec> tanzania has africa 's highest mountain , 500 miles of coastline and 15 national parks .  the country was formed by the union of tanganyia and the islands of zanzibar .  serengeti national park is famous for its annual migration of two million wilderbeest , gazelles , zebra .
 it 's football vs. forest in va. tech sports facility controversy <sec> virginia tech wants to build a new , $ 20 million indoor sports facility .  many old-growth trees near lane stadium would have to come down .  a professor is leading efforts to block construction at the planned site .  two suggested alternate locations are n't popular choices , eithe .
 commentary : say no to the auto bailout <sec> daniel mitchell : bailing out the big three would reward shoddy management .  a bailout would be unfair to other auto companies making cars in the u.s. , he says .  mitchell says auto execs , workers and unions are overpaid .  bankruptcy would let the companies streamline their operations , mitchell say .
 obama to spell out middle east policy in wake of 'arab spring ' <sec> obama will address the u.s. role and policy in the region , officials say .  expect the president to come down hard on syria , according to officials .  bahrain and yemen also to be named , officials sa .
 cnn student news - november 18 , 2013 <sec> this page includes the show transcript , the daily curriculum , and maps .  use the transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary .  the daily curriculum offers the media literacy question of the day , key concepts , fast facts and discussion questions .  at the bottom of the page , please share your feedback about our show and curriculu .
 madonna , africa and the 'celebrity saviors ' <sec> madonna and malawi 's government have had a public spat .  many western celebrity charity missions in africa tend towards self-righteousness , says andrew mwenda .  these initiatives can be positive , but they present africans as passive recipients of charity . .  he argues .  mwenda : in the long term , `` celebrity activism kills private enterprise .
 tsa turns away sen. rand paul at airport checkpoint <sec> new : sen. rand paul says the scanner did n't go off the second time he went through .  new : `` is it too much to ask to have a little dignity when you travel ? '' .  he says .  paul refuses a pat-down at a security checkpoint in nashville after setting off an alarm .  the tsa says those who set off alarms `` can not be granted access to the secure area .
 ten-man chelsea recover to draw with spurs <sec> jose mourinho 's chelsea draw 1-1 with andre villas-boas ' tottenham hotspur side .  spurs take lead with 19th minute goal from sigurdsson before john terry equalizer .  both manchester united and city suffer shock defeats against west brom and aston villa .  arsenal go top of league after 2-1 win at swansea cit .
 beyonce and jay z 's cuba trip declared legal <sec> there had been rumblings that the couple 's 2013 trip violated u.s. sanctions .  jay z previously responded to critics with an open letter and a new song .  the treasury department declared the trip legal and in complianc .
 living happily with less <sec> tough economic times have caused some to shed belongings and live with less .  nicole dunbar of chicago recommends pre-paid phones and budgeting for utilities .  `` miss minimalist '' francine jay says traveling light made her want to simplify her life .  duane elgin , author of `` voluntary simplicity , '' says downsizing sparks creativit .
 part-time actor faces two murder charges <sec> part-time actor daniel wozniak , 27 , is charged with two counts of murder .  police say he shot samuel herr at california training base for financial gain .  police say he then lured herr 's friend , juri kibuishi , to her death with text message .  wozniak is being held without bail in orange county ; he was recently in musica .
 teen brothers held in new jersey girl 's death <sec> 12-year-old autumn pasquale went missing saturday .  her body was found monday in a recycling container .  brothers , 15 and 17 , were charged with murder in her deat .
 leif garrett out on bond after drug bust <sec> l.a. county authorities : leif garrett posts $ 10,000 bond after two days in a jail .  garrett was found with heroin and arrested monday , sheriff 's spokesman says .  the former teen idol was arrested four years ago for possession of heroin .  garrett was 16 when he scored his first pop chart hit , `` surfin ' usa , '' in 197 .
 inside or outside the hotel where houston died , the famous and the fans mourn <sec> inside the beverly hilton hotel , entertainers hold a long planned pre-grammy party .  tony bennett says it 's time to `` legalize drugs like they did in amsterdam '' .  outside the hotel , mourners gather to sing houston 's songs .  `` sometimes life gets the best of us , '' one fan says of houston 's early deat .
 mourners pay tribute to italy bus crash victims <sec> new : investigations are focused on the bus driver , the chief prosecutor says .  new : some 5,000 mourners attend the funeral of 38 people killed in the bus crash -- police .  prime minister enrico letta is among those at the service in pozzuoli .  the bus plunged off a bridge as it returned from a weekend visit to a catholic shrin .
 blazing barrels : the uk 's spectacular festivals of fire <sec> ottery st. mary in southwestern england hosts dramatic annual barrel burning festival .  seventeen flaming barrels are carried through the town 's streets in a tradition begun centuries ago .  other uk locations stage dramatic flaming festivals , including lewes and the shetland isle .
 ebola issue needs answers ( opinion ) <sec> polls show ebola of significant interest to americans , newt gingrich says .  u.s. troops face extra potential dangers in west africa , such as malaria , gingrich notes .  obama administration has n't properly thought through its ebola strategy , he say .
 limbaugh on steinbrenner : 'cracker ' made black athletes millionaires <sec> radio host says steinbrenner `` fired a bunch of white guys as managers '' .  sharpton calls limbaugh 's comments `` repugnant and offensive '' .  limbaugh left sports network in 2003 after comments about media , donovan mcnabb .  limbaugh : nfl is like street gangs with no weapon .
 spain : son of osama bin laden deported <sec> osama bin laden 's son leaves spain after he was denied asylum .  omar bin laden , who is married to british citizen , was denied asylum in uk .  he has publicly called on his father to abandon terroris .
 skeptical student ids fake lady gaga , on skype to discuss bullying <sec> elementary school worker claimed she could get celebrity to speak .  last-minute substitute typed instead of speaking .  new jersey superintendent says employee was `` misguided .
 the israeli teens killed : promising lives lost <sec> naftali frankel 's cousin says # bringbackourboys effort helped change the world .  frankel 's uncle works to involve palestinians in high-tech businesses .  gilad shaar was full of love and spoiled his sisters , his family says .  eyal yifrach recently sang in a performance posted on youtub .
 dueling online over 'call me maybe ' <sec> your facebook timeline is your canvas , our netiquette columnists say .  for overzealous relatives on facebook , limit ability to see your posts .  calling can be better than a facebook message for conflic .
 christine mcvie rejoining fleetwood mac <sec> mcvie , a keyboardist and singer , retired from the band in 1998 .  she had joined in 1970 , was married to bassist john mcvie for several years .  fleetwood mac 's albums include `` rumours , '' `` mirage .
 michael jackson delays some shows until '10 <sec> michael jackson was scheduled to perform 50 shows starting july 8 .  several shows being postponed until 2010 because of `` sheer magnitude '' .  jackson health said to be fine , despite uk rumor .
 phylicia rashad wrong to defend cosby ( opinion ) <sec> peggy drexler : phylicia rashad defended bill cosby , accused in multiple alleged rapes .  drexler says women must not do this if they want the rape of women to stop happenin .
 n.y. police identify man fatally wounded by officers near times square <sec> darrius kennedy , 51 , was shot by nyc police officers near times square , police say .  the long island resident got agitated after being approached while smoking marijuana .  video shows officers , some with guns drawn , following him through times square .  police say officers shot kennedy after he lunged at them with an 11-inch knife , police sa .
 in veepstakes , women do n't rate <sec> jennifer lawless , kathleen dolan : romney likely gop pick ; focus now on finding vp .  they say nowadays women usually at least included in list of potential vp candidates .  they say abc 's karl made lists of potential candidates ; gave women a separate list .  writers : women still woefully underrepresented in electoral politics ; viewed as outsider .
 barbs between china , japan persist over disputed islands <sec> china rejects complaints about its navy patrols by japan .  japan had accused china of using radar to track a japanese ship and helicopter .  taiwan , china and japan are disputing a group of islands .  china says it is patrolling its waters near the island .
 u.s. to keep tighter rein on military exports <sec> illegal exports to iran , china an increasing problem , justice department says .  pittsburgh company cited for export of products with nuclear applications .  utah men charged with attempting to illegally export jet fighter part .
 opinion : gomez is same old , same old <sec> gop gabriel gomez is running against democrat ed markey for massachusetts senate seat .  paul begala : gomez is styled as a `` new kind of republican , '' but that 's far from true .  begala : his military record is impressive , but his politics are standard old gop .  begala : he opposes obamacare and abortion and is on the side of the wealth .
 cleveland vigil targets 'horror ' house <sec> after vigil , ministers walk to anthony sowell home , where 11 bodies were found .  sowell is on suicide watch in jail ; charged with murder , rape , other felonies .  seven of 11 bodies have been identified ; all were african-american wome .
 introducing poland 's prime minister : donald tusk <sec> involved in anti-communist activities as a student in gdansk .  in 1989 tusk co-founded the kld ( liberal and democratic congress party ) .  in 1997 he was voted into the polish senate .  became prime minister of poland after 1997 parliamentary electio .
 rock and roll hall of fame nominees announced <sec> nominees for the rock and roll hall of fame class of 2013 are in .  the list is varied from rap group n.w.a . .  to rush .  for the first time fans get to vot .
 free speech vs. animal cruelty videos in high-court case <sec> supreme court accepts case dealing with profiting from recording pit bull fights .  court had thrown out conviction of man who sold `` dogs of velvet and steel '' tapes .  government had argued `` compelling interest '' in stopping `` crush '' videos and the lik .
 former bell , california , administrator sues city for his $ 11,000 monthly salary <sec> former city administrator robert rizzo says the city owes his salary .  he was ousted in july 2010 and is suing the city for breach of contract .  rizzo is facing 55 counts of public corruption charges .  his basic salary is $ 11,000 a mont .
 goldstone u.n. report retraction spurned by co-authors <sec> three goldstone report co-authors stand by mission .  goldstone recently questioned the conclusions .  both sides criticize israel , hamas for lack of investigation .
 colombian troops kill dozens of guerrillas , defense minister says <sec> new : a mediator says the rebel group will begin releasing 10 hostages monday .  one operation occurs in an area where 11 troops were killed over the weekend .  the defense member calls the operation `` one of the greatest blows '' against the rebels .  a top leader of one faction of the revolutionary armed forces of colombia is captured , he say .
 nacho duato , the spaniard planning to revolutionize russian ballet <sec> spanish choreographer nacho duato is the new artistic director at the mikhailovksy ballet .  he 's the first non-russian to take up such a post in over a century .  the company is trying modernize ballet for russian audiences .  duato has just weeks to get his new ballet ready before the world premier .
 auction headliners : grateful dead , titanic ingrate <sec> lady lucy duff-gordon 's letter to a friend , written just weeks after the titanic sank , sells for nearly $ 12,000 .  she tells friend of `` disgraceful '' treatment after rescue , says rr auction , which sold the letter .  she and her husband were haunted by allegations about their conduct as the ship sank in april 1912 .  a rare letter from jerry garcia sells for $ 32,500 ; johnny ramone 's guitar fetches nearly $ 72,00 .
 opinion : it 's not hornets invading , it 's humans <sec> amy stewart : asian hornets have killed , injured many in asian cities .  she says they 're venturing great distances for food as their habitats are vanishing .  human intrusions have long touched off battles in nature , stewart says .  stewart : the hornets are not invasive ; in this case , it is the humans who ar .
 hundreds of pokémon players vie to be world 's best <sec> hawaii will play host to hundreds hoping to be world pokémon video game champions .  pokémon launched in 1996 in japan , two years later in the united states .  u.s. champ has put in as many as 3,000 hours on pokémon , is confident he can win worlds .  creators say pokémon games appeal to serious and casual players alik .
 in video , white house shooting suspect calls himself 'modern-day jesus ' <sec> new : oscar ortega taped a video pitch to oprah winfrey , released friday by idaho state .  new : he accuses the u.s. government of being bullies and deceiving its citizens .  new : `` i was sent here from god to lead the world to zion , '' he adds .  his family says they saw changes in him : some worrisome , some goo .
 organized crime 's new target : medicare <sec> gangs make millions by getting id numbers of doctors , patients .  then they file fraudulent medicare , medicaid claims for care that never happened .  one doctor had his id stolen , learned it was used to bill $ 800,000 for wheelchairs .  government to recover $ 4 billion this year -- but that 's just 5 percent of fraud cos .
 gorillas fight for survival <sec> mountain gorillas victims of poaching , disease , war , slaughter , displacement .  vbs.tv staff travels to uganda to find out more of the plight of gorillas .  vbs.tv says gorillas have dwindled down to about 700 in the worl .
 for baha'i educators , a lesson in power from iran <sec> the baha'i faith , founded in iran , is considered blasphemous there .  now , 16 baha'i professors have been arrested for helping followers get advanced degrees .  a government newspaper calls it `` a cover for the propagation of the baha'i faith '' .  a u.s. agency says iran `` will stop at nothing in its shameless persecution of the baha'is .
 formula one : azerbaijan to host first race on streets of baku <sec> azerbaijan will host a formula one race for the first time .  street race to take place in capital city baku in 2016 .  lewis hamilton is fastest in friday 's hungary practic .
 opinion : adjunct professors are the new working poor <sec> margaret mary vojtko , who taught at a university for 25 years , died in poverty .  gary rhoades : adjunct professors are paid very little and have no benefits .  he says the dirty secret in higher education is that adjuncts are used a lot .  rhoades : adjunct faculty do not deserve to be the new working poor in societ .
 flo rida answers the call <sec> flo rida enjoying popularity of single `` right round '' .  rapper 's new album , `` r.o.o.t.s. , '' came out tuesday .  flo rida willing to give phone number to fans ; many call .  big inspiration : his mothe .
 why anthony weiner 's problem is ours , too <sec> gloria borger : when weiner left congress , we assumed he would deal with problems .  instead , he posed as carlos danger , risking further personal , political problems , she says .  borger says it 's more than a private matter since he 's running for new york mayor .  she says weiner is unable to tell the complete truth to those who deserve i .
