 guti ends 24-year real madrid career ; raul to announce farewell <sec> midfielder guti to leave real madrid after 24 years at the spanish club .  the 33-year-old made his first-team debut in 1995 after joining at the age of nine .  he is wanted by turkish club besiktas , coached by former real boss berndt schuster .  new coach jose mourinho will also let real 's all-time top scorer raul depar .
 prosecutor : five of 'jena six ' expected to enter plea <sec> `` it 's not a done deal until it 's a done deal , '' spokesman says .  6 teens charged in december 2006 with beating a white classmate .  incident followed months of racial tension in town of about 3,000 people .  one of the the `` jena 6 '' pleaded guilty to battery in juvenile court this yea .
 bolivian leader to u.n. : let 's take u.s. to court <sec> bolivia 's evo morales wants to create a new court to sue the u.s . .  he has said he wants to sue the obama administration for crimes against humanity .  the blustery talk has become a tradition among some latin american countrie .
 armenian massacre : why turkey wo n't say the g-word <sec> massacre of 1.5 million ethnic armenians under the ottoman empire is widely acknowledged by scholars as a genocide . .  turkish government officially denies it saying hundreds of thousands of turkish muslims and armenian christians died in intercommunal violenc .
 the scary prospect of global drone warfare <sec> david cortright : up to 50 nations developing , buying drones , including china , iran , pakistan .  the prospect is a world in which every nation has drone warfare capability , he writes .  cortright : drones give nations false impression wars can be waged with less risk , costs .  drones precise , but kill civilians : up to 775 pakistanis . .  we must rethink military trend , he write .
 first look at the sunrise kempinski hotel beijing <sec> new eye-catching sunrise kempinski hotel stands nearly 100 meters high .  designed to look like a rising sun , hotel exterior is covered in more than 10,000 glass panels .  kempinski says it took 24 months to build with help from more than 9,300 construction worker .
 'serial killer ' sought in south carolina <sec> man fatally shoots 4 people in less than a week near gaffney , south carolina .  `` under the fbi 's definition of a serial killer , yes , we have a serial killer , '' sheriff says .  100 investigators from north and south carolina working the case .  woman apparently kills self after police stop her while looking for shoote .
 londoners love tokyo-style crossing <sec> almost 40,000 people use oxford circus crossing every hour says westminster city council .  the $ 7.6 million diagonal crossing was inspired by tokyo 's famous shibuya crossin .
 egypt kidnap victims released <sec> new : the victims were released unharmed , a u.s. official says .  the pair were kidnapped thursday morning .  the gunmen want the release of a man arrested on drug charge .
 analysis : obama 's tough-love approach to israel <sec> no one expects a drastic change in u.s.-israel relationship .  but obama has different approach from past administrations .  observers think obama team is predisposed to be tougher on israel .  whether palestinians or iranians get attention first is at issu .
 how many more tibetans will sacrifice themselves ? <sec> two more tibetans self-immolated in the past week in protest against chinese rule .  almost 80 people have set themselves alight in china since 2009 , rights groups say .  china says its rule has brought economic stability to the tibetan people .  activists warn china 's tightening grip on the tibetan people is creating more resentmen .
 that 's a penguin of a different color <sec> fossil of giant penguin found in peru .  strong swimmer had reddish brown and gray feather .
 judge admits mistake in kicking whites out of court <sec> judge marvin arrington regrets decision to remove white lawyers from court .  arrington says he wanted to talk to black defendants , urging them to get lives together .  arrington plans to open court to everyone thursday , deliver same speec .
 opinion : be cautious with new , smiley-faced iran <sec> david frum : in face of rouhani 's moves , u.s. should smile back , keep up sanctions .  he says there 's reason for skepticism ; rouhani has history in terrorism-backing regime .  he says khameini holds the real power ; still , there 's hope some change may begin .  frum : iran has long record of deceit ; for progress , nuke program must be shut dow .
 pet rescue stories you wo n't be scared to read <sec> two boxers , myles and merlin , beat the odds as rescue dogs .  mange , broken bones and deafness could have made these dogs un-adoptable .  rescue dogs can have psychological challenges as well as physica .
 topless coffee shop a hit in small maine town <sec> men , women without tops wait tables at maine coffee shop .  owner says high number of applicants a reflection of tough job market .  staff hired on basis of friendliness and willingness to `` treat everyone equally '' .  `` people leave here happy and ca n't wait to come back , '' owner say .
 haiti sits in path of strengthening isaac <sec> in port-au-prince , no signs of storm preparation as haitians unaware storm is coming .  the storm could become a hurricane before it reaches hispaniola .  it could pose dangers to haitians still recovering from the deadly 2010 earthquake .  it 's unclear whether the storm will affect the gop convention in florida next wee .
 apple 's cloud-based music service now live on itunes <sec> for $ 25 a year , match drops any track from itunes directly into apple 's icloud .  service scans all the songs in your library to find a match in the itunes store .  itunes match limited to 25,000 songs , works with up to 10 different device .
 report : iran sending warships toward u.s. maritime borders <sec> iran 's move is meant as a message , a senior iranian naval official says .  there is no operational info to support the claim , a u.s. military official says .  `` we have an announcement , not a deployment , '' a u.s. defense official says .  in 2011 , iran twice announced plans to send ships toward the u.s. maritime border .
 lyme disease symptoms missed : 2 years of hell <sec> about 300,000 americans each year are infected with lyme disease .  common in the northeast , it 's found and diagnosed less often in the south .  cnn producer spent two years trying to find a diagnosis for his symptoms .  approximately 10 to 20 % of patients treated for lyme disease have lingering pai .
 'youtube instant ' creator , 19 , finds instant fame <sec> stanford university student creates youtube instant in three hours .  the site lets people search enormous youtube video database in real time .  student says he 's been blown away by how quickly his tool went vira .
 mario cuomo , former new york governor , dies at 82 <sec> mario cuomo dies `` from natural causes due to heart failure , '' his family says .  he shot to national fame at the 1984 democratic national convention .  cuomo is remembered as `` the last liberal giant of new york politics .
 girl scouts accepts transgender kid , provokes cookie boycott <sec> a group is calling for national boycott of girl scout cookies because of transgender issues .  members of transgender and gay rights groups are buying cookies in response .  the girl scouts welcome children who identify as girl .
 cnn student news - march 31 , 2015 <sec> this page includes the show transcript .  use the transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary .  at the bottom of the page , comment for a chance to be mentioned on cnn student news . .  you must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the cnn student news roll call .
 european commission official hints at sanctions in ivory coast dispute <sec> new : united nations to relocate non-essential personel to gambia as tensions rise .  european commission official says sanctions are possibility .  both laurent gbagbo and alassane ouattara claim presidenc .
 report finds 'imprudent spending ' at postal service <sec> purchases included crab cakes , beef wellington , scallops for postmaster installation ceremony .  report cites districts for buying $ 14,140 in movie tickets as employee incentives .  purchases conflict with goal to cut costs after reporting $ 3.8 billion loss in 2009 fiscal year .  `` it appears there is still work to be done in curtailing spending , '' agency 's vice president say .
 faces of the free syrian army <sec> rashid is stained with son 's blood after he died fighting with free syria army .  son -- housam abdul rashid -- was a 22-year-old defector from the army .  he was fourth man from his small hilltop village to be killed fighting for the rebel .
 palm desert : california 's capital of cool <sec> palm desert is a pedestrian- and biker-friendly town .  the living desert museum holds a collection of california landscape paintings .  pacifica seafood restaurant is known for its fresh fish and its vodka ba .
 source : bobbi kristina brown moved to rehab <sec> brown has been in a medically induced coma .  she was found unresponsive in a bathtub in january .  the extent of her injuries is n't know .
 poland 's economy booming 20 years after free elections <sec> twenty years after democracy poland has strongest economy in former soviet bloc .  the country 's economy has grown every year since 1992 .  by export it ranks 22nd in the world , ahead of australia and india .  shipyards like gdansk , home of the democracy movement , struggle to surviv .
 robin meade talks anxiety and her road to self-confidence <sec> anxiety attacks threatened to stop robin meade 's career in its tracks .  her compulsion to overachieve put meade temporarily out of touch with herself .  meade shares how she got her confidence , and her spontaneity , back .  robin meade 's new book hits shelves september 1 .
 prostate cancer screening may do more harm than good <sec> u.s. preventive services panel is considering advising against routine psa screening .  dr. otis brawley says screening began before evidence of whether it saves lives .  studies show that routine psa testing 's harms are better proved than the benefits .  brawley : overpromise of screening technology in cancer , other diseases harms patient .
 2 arrested as france 's ban on burqas , niqabs takes effect <sec> professor : law is unnecessary , but not evidence of anti-islamic sentiment .  veiled muslim woman says , `` i 've not committed a crime '' .  two women are arrested for participating in an unapproved demonstration .  french officials cite national identity and security as reasons for the ba .
 venezuela 's maduro wants talks with obama <sec> nicolas maduro calls for talks with the united states .  venezuela 's government says eight people have been killed in the violence .  the western state of tachira is a flashpoint of the tension .  the government is considering sending more troops to tachir .
 cruise prices hold steady after concordia <sec> luxury travelers are still booking cruises .  some cruisers show a preference for u.s.-regulated ships .  warm weather , economic instability may decrease demand for cruise .
 hunger games overtakes harry potter as amazon 's top book series <sec> the hunger games has `` taken the world by storm , '' says amazon .  the trilogy bests the harry potter books .  both series got a big boost from film .
 texas judge opens hearing into disputed 2004 execution <sec> key arson testimony in trial was `` completely wrong , '' lawyer says .  judge charlie baird began hearing the willingham family 's petition thursday .  willingham was executed in 2004 for the fire deaths of his three daughters .  prosecutors had asked the judge to step aside , questioning his impartialit .
 cycling 's glamor girl pendleton ponders next career move <sec> victoria pendleton is stepping into the unknown following end of her cycling career .  british rider was one of the official faces of the london 2012 olympics .  she won a gold and silver medal after a controversial disqualification .  the nine-time world champion says she considered retiring after beijing 200 .
 fernandez defends argentine grain export tax <sec> president cristina fernandez appeals for dialogue , respect in national address .  fernandez says profits from higher food prices should be spread among poor .  farmers say higher taxes make it difficult for them to make a livin .
 texas mom faces 2nd charge in deaths of autistic children <sec> saiqa akhter , 30 , of irving , texas , is charged with capital murder .  she told the 911 operator she wanted `` normal '' children .  child services worked with the family in 2009 to find resources for their situatio .
 how gps tracking threatens our privacy <sec> should law enforcement need a warrant before planting a gps tracking device on a car ? .  yes , the supreme court ought to decide that they should , says catherine crump .  the principle at stake in a current case may well shape our privacy rights , she says .  all of us can already easily be tracked through our cell phones , crump say .
 america 's cup now 'a new-age speedster ' event facing criticism <sec> the america 's cup will feature a new design of boat , a catamaran with hydrofoils .  the boat can sail 52 mph , `` an unheard of '' speed in sailboat racing .  but fewer teams are entering the race because it 's now so expensive .  race organizers defend their strategy to seek new audiences for the rac .
 i want to speak to an agent <sec> lz granderson : technology is great , but it 's making it harder than ever to get to a real person .  automated phone systems do n't have to be paid or given time off and benefits , he says .  he asks : why do we have to punch in our account number , then be asked for it by an agent ? .  lz : some companies now promote fact that you can call and reach an actual perso .
 behind the scenes : life after san quentin <sec> chris shurn served four years in san quentin prison .  shurn earned a ged and nearly completed an associate degree in prison .  he currently makes $ 9 per hour as a courier and hopes to return to college .  `` every day of my life , with or without work , i feel vulnerable , '' says shur .
 australian open : roger federer upset by andreas seppi , rafael nadal breezes <sec> roger federer loses to andreas seppi at the australian open .  the third-round defeat was his earliest in melbourne in 14 years .  federer was one of the contenders after a strong 2014 .  rafael nadal , andy murray and eugenie bouchard all advanc .
 debbie rowe : paris jackson 'has no life ' since father 's death <sec> new : `` i almost lost my daughter ! '' .  debbie rowe testifies .  ex-wife describes michael jackson 's skin problems , pains and drug use .  `` everyone says he bleached himself , but he did n't , '' debbie rowe says .  doctors had `` a pissing contest '' over who could give jackson `` the better drug , '' she say .
 senate gop vows to block white house student loan bill <sec> kyl says republicans want a senate vote on their plan .  federal student loan rates are scheduled to double july 1 .  democrats and republicans are divided on how to fund an extension of the lower rat .
 saving the rainforests : redd or dead ? <sec> u.n.-redd program has received widespread support from countries at copenhagen talks .  the incentive system would mean that trees are worth more standing than cut .  critics argue that redd allows rich countries to meet targets with cutting emission .
 obama to town wracked by school shooting : 'these tragedies must end ' <sec> new : `` these tragedies must end . .  and to end them , we must change , '' obama says .  new : he vows action , saying america must do more to protect its children .  new : the mother of a teacher being hailed as a hero calls her daughter `` selfless '' .  all victims at the sandy hook school were shot multiple times , a medical examiner say .
 men at work must pay portion of royalties for plagiarizing song <sec> nursery rhyme riff worth 5 percent of `` down under '' royalties .  `` kookaburra '' is a popular nursery rhyme in australia .  australian music group bought rights to song in 1990 .  `` down under '' reached no . .  1 in australia , the u.s. , britain and canad .
 amelie mauresmo hired as andy murray 's new coach <sec> andy murray hires amelie mauresmo as his new coach .  mauresmo becomes only the second woman to coach a men 's top 10 player .  the frenchwoman won two grand slam titles during her playing career .  murray has been looking for a coach since splitting with ivan lendl in marc .
 commentary : female general shatters brass ceiling <sec> brown : first female four-star general is cause for celebration .  brown : gen. ann e. dunwoody becomes first sister to join special band of brothers .  women make up only about 14 percent of the active duty force , brown note .
 qatar 's emir : we do n't fund terrorists <sec> world makes too many generalizations about islamic movements , he says .  sheikh says qatar is prepared for long fight against isis .  emir claims his country will be ready to host 2022 world cu .
 ron howard on hanging with jay-z , 'arrested development ' revamp <sec> ron howard says the new season of `` arrested development '' is `` hilarious and it 's also really bold '' .  howard : `` my kids are grown , and i feel that i can ... be a little ... more experimental about what i do '' .  jay-z is `` pretty true to himself and pretty clear about what he thinks , '' howard sai .
 nasa discovers earth-sized planet that may sustain life <sec> researchers find an earth-sized planet that may be habitable .  it `` proves the existence of worlds that might be similar to our own , '' institute says .  scientists are looking for emissions that could suggest extraterrestrial life .  previously discovered worlds were larger than eart .
 second boat in 2 days sinks off malaysia <sec> two boats sink in two days off the malaysian coast .  both were carrying indonesian migrants .  rescue operations are underwa .
 sonogram shows tiny elephant trunk <sec> oklahoma city zoo 's asian elephant is pregnant for second time .  ahsa is estimated to be about seven months along in her pregnancy .  average gestation for elephants is 22 month .
 90 killed in uganda ; president blames tribal leaders <sec> hundreds have been arrested , police say .  51 attackers are among the dead , president yoweri museveni says .  many of the dead are civilians , and 8 security force members were killed , officials say .  in a statement , museveni says `` there was a failure of intelligence .
 the world 's next economic powers are rising -- and they do n't need the west <sec> the international monetary fund and the world bank have updated their global economic projections .  the new figures make for ugly reading , with a slowdown still apparent in the global economy .  but there is an interesting caveat in the world bank 's report on the emerging market economies .  two members of the brics are emerging as the globe 's economic pillar .
 portuguese leaders meet to discuss guinea-bissau coup <sec> all of guinea-bissau 's political parties are ordered to meet on saturday too .  guinea-bissau has had several coups since it gained independence in 1974 .  a military spokesman says the acting president and prime minister are detained .  he says no one was hurt or killed despite gunfire and explosion .
 nadal battles past andujar at french open ; murray defeats bolelli <sec> rafael nadal beats pablo andujar in the second round of the french open .  the world number one wins 7-5 6-3 7-6 ( 7-4 ) in three hours in paris .  andy murray defeats simone bolelli to reach the third round .  number five seed robin soderling defeats albert ramo .
 china 's fight against 'tea money ' not all bad news <sec> kick-backs in china are known colloquially as `` tea money '' in a country where paying bribes is widespread .  china dropped from 80th position to 100 out of 175 countries in a recent corruption index .  transparency international says the country 's poor showing may actually be a sign of improvemen .
 the wind man who beat cape cod 's elite <sec> jim gordon faced a decade of criticism over his plan for nation 's first offshore wind farm .  gordon made tens of millions in the energy market before focusing on wind farm .  supporter : `` he did n't sit on his money . .  he decided to do something noble with it . '' .  critics say cape residents should brace for higher electric price .
 for some , ramadan means fasting , cleansing and tv drama <sec> arab tv channels spend millions to entertain muslims during ramadan fasts .  popular programs are soap operas , history lessons , food shows .  some say sitting in front of tv all day undermines true purpose of holy mont .
