 uk woman loses suicide court challenge <sec> multiple sclerosis sufferer fails in legal bid to clarify uk assisted suicide law .  debbie purdy `` disappointed and surprised '' by judges refusal to interpret law .  45-year-old wanted to know at what point her husband would be breaking la .
 '93 wtc plotter ramzi yousef wants contact ban lifted <sec> ramzi yousef has had his communications restricted since 1997 .  he 's serving life plus 20 years for the 1993 world trade center bombing .  his lawyer says he 's no longer a national security threat and those limits should be lifte .
 world 's latest mega-airport opens to passengers <sec> dubai 's new airport welcomed first commercial flight on sunday .  when completed in 2027 , al maktoum international airport is expected to become the world 's largest airport .  although it only has three launch carriers , more deals are expected to be announce .
 former military contractor pleads guilty in kickback scheme <sec> terry hall pleaded guilty to bribery conspiracy and money laundering conspiracy .  hall received $ 21 million from contracts with department of defense , prosecutors say .  case stemmed from `` wide-ranging investigation of corruption , '' authorities said .  he is eighth person to enter guilty plea in connection with schem .
 suspected isis militants kill 16 iraqi border guards <sec> suspected isis militants killed 16 iraqi border guards , official says .  official : four others in critical condition .  base is only one with syria that is still controlled by iraqi force .
 5 things obama wants young south africans to know <sec> `` do n't lose those qualities of youth , '' president obama urges his audience .  africans want to break out of the `` dependency trap , '' he says .  wars cost `` a lot of money , '' says obama , downplaying u.s. military ambitions .  `` everybody 's going to have to do something '' on climate change , he say .
 mh370 : inmarsat raw satellite data to be revealed to the public <sec> inmarsat and malaysian officials say they are working to release raw satellite data .  families have been clamoring for the information for months .  the data could allow for an independent analysis of what happened on march 8 .  `` their intentions have to be backed by actions , '' the husband of a passenger say .
 bolivia 's morales to un : legalize coca-leaf chewing <sec> coca leaves is the raw ingredient used in the making of cocaine .  the leaves have been declared an illegal substance .  bolivia is the third biggest coca producer in the world .  morales said coca in its raw state is not an addictive dru .
 kanye kick starts new year with single 'only one ' <sec> the song boasts a spare arrangement .  paul mccartney plays piano on the track , west 's producer say .
 an undocumented student 's dream inspires others <sec> dulce matuz is an undocumented graduate of arizona state university .  she became an activist and volunteer with her high school 's robotics team .  the students on the team named their award-winning robot for he .
 aruban divers to inspect site where couple says they saw human remains <sec> picture has renewed interest in case of missing alabama teen natalee holloway .  couple took underwater photo near shipwreck during cruise stop in aruba .  whether the object in the photo is human remains is up for debate .  holloway disappeared during senior trip to aruba in 2005 ; no arrests have been mad .
 burned boy : 'somebody poured something on me and lit me on fire ' <sec> police release interview with teen set on fire , allegedly by youths he knew .  michael brewer recalls threats , flames , running , jumping in pool to douse fire .  three teens are charged as adults with attempted murder in the incident .  brewer , 15 , faces long recovery and rehabilitation proces .
 passengers on missing malaysia airlines plane come from 14 countries <sec> new : philip wood , an oklahoma christian grad , is among those missing .  new : `` so many families around the world are affected , '' his family says .  state media : most passengers were chinese , including a group of artists .  at least three u.s. citizens were on the plan .
 why comics thrive on dramatic twists <sec> from the deaths of robin and peter parker to major reboots , comics see a lot of change .  comics creators say that the most important element is a well-told story .  three comic book experts share their views of this phenomeno .
 how to flirt with text messages <sec> co-authors of `` flirtexting '' give advice on using text messages to get dates .  do n't abbreviate too much , they say , or you 'll look `` girly '' to your potential date .  authors : if he texts after 10 p.m. , he 's probably just after a hook-up .  one author says she is teaching her mom , who is single , to flirtex .
 masks keep you from spreading illness <sec> manufacturers and pharmacies are reporting a surge in demand for face masks .  it is unknown exactly how much protection a surgical face mask provides .  a more effective type of mask is called an n95 , which is expensive .  doctor : masks carry both physical and psychological benefit .
 kerry pushes $ 4 billion west bank development plan <sec> the initiative could increase palestinian gdp by as much as 50 % , kerry says .  he announces the plan during a meeting of the world economic forum in jordan .  netanyahu , abbas support the plan , but specific details are scan .
 obamas begin 10-day vacation in martha 's vineyard <sec> critics question why obama did not choose the gulf coast .  white house says the getaway will be a working vacation .  clinton too preferred the island ; bush opted for his texas ranc .
 metro-north railroad slapped with emergency order after new york crash <sec> federal railroad administration issues emergency order after deadly metro-north crash .  railroad is ordered to take `` immediate steps '' to ensure speed limits are obeyed .  the derailment , in which four people died and 67 were injured , involved a speeding trai .
 china 's tainted meat scandal explained <sec> expired meat was repackaged and sold to fast food chains in china .  mcdonald 's is the only brand that will continue to work with the meat supplier .  china has 2,000 mcdonald 's branches across the country .  china 's food safety law is currently being revise .
 report : algeria 's president suffers 'mini-stroke ' <sec> abdelaziz bouteflika is being treated at a paris hospital , state-run news reports .  bouteflika 's condition is not serious , the prime minister says .  bouteflika , 76 , was first elected president in 199 .
 hezbollah leader acknowledges fighters ' presence in syria <sec> `` we will make victory there ! '' .  nasrallah says .  opposition group says the dead include women and children .  government blames `` terrorists .
 navy seal was smart , in superb shape <sec> as a student , nicolas checque focused on goals , fitness .  he wrestled for high school team in pennsylvania .  navy seal died in afghanistan rescue missio .
 report : 1,700 vets not on phoenix va wait list , at risk of being 'lost or forgotten ' <sec> a veterans group demands a criminal investigation of medical center practices .  1,700 veterans will be contacted by the end of business friday , a va official says .  va secretary eric shinseki is on ''thin ice '' with obama , a white house official says .  the scope widens , with 42 medical centers now under investigatio .
 headlines aside , 'do n't ask , do n't tell ' stays in place <sec> no one in the pentagon seems to know how long it will take to enact repeal .  pentagon 's `` plan for implementation '' is all recommendations .  `` the longer we drag this out , the more confused we get , '' gay service member says .  gay service members say repeal makes them more likely to stay in the militar .
 opinion : kerry , clinton and a glimmer of hope on syria <sec> david rothkopf : kerry , clinton collaborated ( accidentally ? ) .  to add hopeful twist on syria .  in a `` goof , '' kerry said syria yielding chemical weapons might avert u.s. strike , rothkopf says .  potential presidential candidate clinton called it `` important step '' and showed her influence .  rothkopf : even if plan fails , it gives obama cover for trying diplomac .
 nestle issues voluntary recall of frozen dinner <sec> nestle recalls frozen spaghetti and meatballs dinner .  recall of the product is voluntary , company states .  production code on packages is 0298595519 .
 jury can see michael jackson autopsy photos in his doctor 's trial <sec> new : `` properly redacted '' photos will show jackson `` in excellent health , '' prosecutors say .  a california judge rules 2 jackson autopsy photos can be admitted as evidence .  they will be part of the trial of dr. conrad murray , who is accused in jackson 's death .  murray contends that jackson personally administered the fatal dose of a dru .
 documents : arizona execution took 15 injections <sec> death penalty analysts say arizona did not follow protocol .  they say the execution should have been halted as failed .  instead , state corrections documents show the injections were repeated 14 times .  attorney general eric holder is investigating execution procedure .
 friends : 15-year-old connecticut boy who committed suicide was bullied <sec> bart palosz , 15 , shot himself with the family shotgun after his first day of school .  the sophomore from poland had endured bullying , according to a friend 's mother .  friends say bart was teased for his height -- 6-foot-3 -- and his polish accen .
 earthquake response does n't shake okinawans ' opposition to u.s. bases <sec> u.s. aid efforts are being launched from bases on okinawa island .  many okinawans oppose the u.s. presence there .  the bases provide economic and strategic benefits .  a mayor says his constituents feel a disproportionate burde .
 5 things we learned from the golden globe nominations <sec> golden globe leaders : `` 12 years a slave , '' `` american hustle '' .  `` the butler '' comes up empty , though .  robert redford gets globe nomination ; he was snubbed by sag .
 sharapova suffers early exit in beijing <sec> former world no . .  1 maria sharapova loses to fellow russian elena vesnina .  vesnina progresses into last 16 of china open with 7-6 ( 7-3 ) 6-2 victory in beijing .  eighth seed victoria azarenka also out in second round after suffering leg injury .  world no . .  2 caroline wozniacki begins her campaign on wednesday after opening by .
 davos : part of the problem , or solution ? <sec> critics say the world economic forum meeting in davos is struggling for relevance in the era of people power .  forum regular mark malloch-brown says many now resent business leaders who attend .  but board member ben verwaayen says davos dialogue is relevant part of effort to solve global problem .
 nanny indicted on murder charges in children 's deaths <sec> nanny indicted in children 's murders , court documents show .  leo krim had just celebrated his 2nd birthday .  the children 's mother found them dead in the bathtub , police sa .
 fort hood shooter nidal hasan addresses court-martial panel briefly <sec> new : `` the defense rests , '' hasan tells the panel .  shooter calls no witnesses in sentencing phase .  the sentencing phase for shooter nidal hasan could wrap up by midweek .  13 officers will then decide whether army medical corps officer should die for crime .
 kosher grocery employee , a muslim , hailed as hero <sec> lassana bathily hid grocery customers in a walk-in freezer .  `` when [ the hostages ] came out , they congratulated me , '' he told a tv statio .
 obama , please phone the muslim 'street vendor hero ' too <sec> hamid dabashi lauds president for calling two street vendors who reported times square car .  but , dabashi says , a third vendor , a muslim immigrant , says he was first to spot pathfinder .  muslim-american hero defies the `` terrorist '' stereotype , he writes .  dabashi : muslim americans living with prejudice would be buoyed by obama calling hi .
 starbucks starts accepting mobile payments nationwide <sec> nearly 6,800 starbucks stores in u.s. will begin accepting mobile payments .  customers can use starbucks card mobile app on their iphone , ipod touch or blackberry .  app lets users track rewards and reload cards as needed via paypal or credit car .
 elizabeth smart ties the knot in hawaii <sec> smart and matthew gilmour exchange vows saturday in oahu .  they plan to honeymoon at an undisclosed location .  the pair got engaged last month and decided to move up the wedding to avoid publicit .
 authorities reopen probe into natalie wood 's 1981 drowning death <sec> the los angeles county sheriff 's office reopens the case .  persons with additional information have approached investigators .  natalie wood drowned off catalina island near los angeles in 1981 .  a news conference is scheduled for friday morning in californi .
 cnn poll : 57 % of americans think terror attack likely at sochi games <sec> the olympic torch arrives in sochi after a nearly 35,000-mile journey .  suspected mastermind of twin bombings in volgograd is killed , russian state media report .  57 % of americans think a terror attack on the sochi games is likely , a cnn/orc poll reveals .  champion u.s. snowboarder shaun white withdraws from a sochi even .
 opinion : science led to gay families , law must follow <sec> debora spar : historically , families could not begin without a mother and father .  spar : but technology and surrogacy accomplish what biology could n't .  spar : gay couples using surrogacy more and more ; lesbians using sperm banks .  all these kids born in nontraditional homes deserve parents to be married , she say .
 could new houses be built in uk parliament ? <sec> uk campaign group proposes to transform houses of parliament into affordable housing units .  westminster is one of the most expensive boroughs of london for buying or renting property .  parliament could require restoration work totaling $ 4.6 billio .
 100 vehicles in chain-reaction wreck during north dakota storm <sec> new : 100 vehicles involved in north dakota incident .  new : arizona transportation officials believe worst is over .  california 's acting governor declares an emergency in mariposa county .  a missing snowboarder is found dead in a lake tahoe ski resor .
 demonstrators angry at egypt runoff candidates plan more protests <sec> ex-mubarak premier shafik 's headquarters is set ablaze .  where is the revolution ? '' .  protesters chant in tahrir square .  shafik will face muslim brotherhood candidate morsi in june 16-17 runoff .  the winner will be egypt 's first freely elected presiden .
 son 's drowning spurs mom to action <sec> wanda butts was named one of the top 10 cnn heroes of 2012 .  her group has helped teach more than 1,200 ohio children how to swim .  most of the children are minorities , which have higher drowning rates than whites .  who should be the cnn hero of the year ? .  cast your vote now .
 turns out cities are safest places to live <sec> the risk of injury death is more than 20 % higher in the country than it is in urban areas .  most americans believe that the nation 's crime rate is getting worse .  you 're much less likely to die from a gunshot wound than you are in a simple acciden .
 helping women escape 'the life ' <sec> vednita carter founded breaking free to support women who wish to escape prostitution .  she believes the women her nonprofit helps are victims of sex trafficking and not criminals .  breaking free provides food , clothing , housing , counseling , job skills training and more .  do you know a hero ? .  nominations are open for 2014 cnn heroe .
 terrorist attack kills dozens in china 's tense xinjiang region <sec> new : u.s. says the attack is an `` outrageous act of violence against innocent civilians '' .  the chinese president calls for terrorists to be `` severely '' punished .  the explosions have killed 31 people and wounded more than 90 , xinhua says .  china says the attack is `` a serious violent terrorist incident .
 google reports 'alarming ' rise in government censorship requests <sec> google says government requests to remove web content are way up .  in last half of 2011 , u.s. agencies asked google to remove 6,192 pieces of content .  that 's up 718 % compared with the previous six-month period .  google released its biannual transparency report sunday nigh .
 madoff investor found dead in apparent suicide , police say <sec> thierry de la villehuchet was a hedge fund adviser and investor .  company says firm lost $ 1.5 billion by investing with bernard madoff .  police : body had cuts , pills were present , though it was n't known if they were taken .  no suicide note was left at office where villehuchet was found dea .
 adam carolla and ex-friend settle podcast case <sec> a settlement is reached during adam carolla podcast trial .  the terms of settlement agreement are confidential .  high school friend donny misraje had sought $ 4.5 million in damages .  misraje claimed carolla promised him a partnershi .
 stimulus bill moves to senate , where gop wants compromise <sec> stimulus bill passed in the house with no support from republicans .  gop senators want more tax cuts , less spending .  president obama has made a push for bipartisan support .  obama made it clear that he 's not willing to budge on some big ticket item .
 fda weighs food dye , hyperactivity link <sec> the debate over the potential effects of food dyes has been simmering since the 1970s .  some manufacturers are proactively reducing their use of food dyes and other additives .  the fda is raising the possibility that it may strengthen its regulation of these ingredient .
 5 things to watch in tonight 's debate <sec> first test for both candidates is who looks like a president .  obama could have vulnerability on libya attack , but agenda is domestic .  whose narrative on how to get the economy going will play best to voters .
 ford ceo on fiscal cliff , lincoln 's relaunch <sec> the ford motor co. is revamping its lincoln car line to try to recapture past prestige .  ford announced monday it is renaming its lincoln division as the lincoln motor co . .  building up lincoln after divesting of investments in aston martin and other luxury brands .  ceo mulally optimistic that u.s. fiscal cliff negotiations will be sucessfu .
 jury recommends death in connecticut home invasion case <sec> komisarjevsky 's attorneys say that killing their client is wrong .  komisarjevsky was convicted in october on six felony charges .  his accomplice , steven hayes , has been sentenced to death .  `` we believe justice has been served , '' william petit say .
 air traffic control system for london restored <sec> systems were not hacked , says spokesman for air traffic company .  air traffic company says it 's investigating cause , rules out power outage .  heathrow airport says disruption to flights could continue into saturday .  travelers passing through london can expectdelays or disruption .
 from nazi uniforms to witchcraft : america 's crazy election <sec> rich iott , a republican candidate in ohio , dresses as an waffen ss officer for historical re-enactments .  mann : he joins a growing list of mid-term candidates with surprises swirling around them .  christine o'donnell says she once `` dabbled in witchcraft ; carl paladino , has become known for intemperate outbursts .  mann : personalities make the u.s. seem as much an oversized circus as a super-powe .
 survey shows ongoing struggle against hunger <sec> in the wake of 2008 's economic downturn , a survey shows americans are still struggling .  one in seven americans relies on charitable donations to feed their families .  two-thirds of households say they have had to choose between medical care and food .  the `` working poor '' often earn slightly too much to qualify for federal food benefit .
 the letter : a first-class love story <sec> the romanticism of handwriting does n't translate to e-mails and tweets , michael schulder says .  `` the letter , '' a hit song , captures emotions of looking for a stamp , taking letter to mailbox , he says .  wayne carson , who wrote the song , met his wife through their shared love for songwritin .
 parents of austin tice , missing in syria , want answers <sec> state department says washington is in awe of family 's courage , tenacity .  freelance journalist austin tice has been missing in syria since 2012 .  his parents express frustration over lack of information from u.s . .  the tices have traveled to lebanon three times to get informatio .
 mourinho confirms vieira has played last game for inter milan <sec> patrick vieira 's move to manchester city appears to have moved a step closer according to inter milan coach jose mourinho . .  english premier league city had been linked with a move for the 33-year-old midfielder who has a stop-start career at the san siro . .  juan sebastian veron has rejected the chance to join city and intends to see out his playing career at argentinean club estudiantes .
