 clark howard : the hands-off approach to saving <sec> research says if you touch an item in a store , you are more likely to overpay for it .  people form emotional attachments with merchandise .  to save money , identify and avoid your emotional shopping habits .  find many more money-saving tips at cnn.com/clarkhowar .
 indiana family alleges excessive force at police stop <sec> the officers pulled the driver over for not wearing a seat belt .  `` i 'm scared for my life , '' lisa mahone 's voice is heard saying in a video .  police , city stand by the officer .
 scheming princess behind empire 's fall <sec> justa grata honoria plotted to kill her emperor of roman empire .  when first plot failed , she offered to marry attila the hun .  he failed to annihilate rome , or marry her .  she then suffered the fate she dreade .
 openly gay player jason collins plays in the nba <sec> collins makes his first appearance of season in nets game against the lakers .  nba commissioner : `` i know everyone in the nba family is excited for him and proud '' .  he made the disclosure about his sexuality in a column that appeared in sports illustrated .  collins played 11 minutes and did n't score as the nets defeated the laker .
 opinion : 45 years ago , a boy 's joy ... then grief <sec> terence moore was 12 when robert f. kennedy reached out and touched his fingertips .  hours later on that day , kennedy gave a passionate speech advocating nonviolence .  moore made a sad yet fascinating discovery upon looking up that speech 's date .  moore on rfk 's assasination : `` it was as if a family member had died .
 apparently this matters : i ( was ) the walrus <sec> jim ruderer of hillsborough , new jersey shared his son 's schoolwork on reddit .  his son , jonas , misidentified a walrus as a `` wordbank '' .  walruses online are now being called wordbanks ... because the interne .
 michael jackson wrongful death trial opens <sec> judge allows jackson to argue `` loss earnings , '' raising damages .  katherine , randy , rebbie jackson are sitting near jurors in the small courtroom .  jurors earn $ 15 a day for month to hear the multibillion-dollar case .  michael jackson 's mom and kids argue a concert promoter is liable in his deat .
 all-american singer jennifer grout may win 'arabs got talent ' <sec> jennifer grout has won over many fans with her renditions of classic arabic songs .  she is through to the finals of middle east tv reality show `` arabs got talent '' .  the 23-year-old from massachusetts barely speaks arabic but can sing it very well .  `` when i finished , everyone was just shocked , '' she says of her debut performanc .
 jury selection begins in john edwards ' trial <sec> if convicted on all counts , john edwards could face 30 years in prison .  edwards ' upcoming criminal trial will look at whether campaign money went to rielle hunter .  hunter , edwards ' former mistress , was hired to make documentary videos for 2008 campaign .  edwards denies any wrongdoin .
 why the monkees -- and davy jones -- should get respect <sec> david browne : davy jones ' death has stirred new round of dissing of the monkees as fake .  he says they were underrated band ; that they get little respect raises issues relevant today .  he says monkees rebelled against tv handlers , demanded control , made better songs .  browne : lady gaga is modern example of pop music mistakenly not taken seriously .
 'arabian unicorn ' saved from extinction <sec> arabian oryx return to wild hailed as 'conservation success story ' .  around 1,000 animals exist , nearly 40 years after declared 'extinct in the wild ' .  iucn red list still classifies species as vulnerable .  latest list has many new species of amphibian and tarsier as 'critically endangered .
 pakistan taliban warns government of revenge attacks <sec> the pakistan taliban say prime minister nawaz sharif turned pakistan into a u.s. colony .  they say they blame him for the death of their former leader , who died in a u.s. drone strike .  the terrorist group vows revenge attacks , starting with sharif 's home province of punjab .  the group has chosen a new leader , who might be linked to the attack on malala yousafza .
 ashes hero cook writes off world cup chances <sec> alastair cook not hopeful of winning place in england 's world cup squad .  cook scored 766 runs as england beat australia 3-1 in ashes test series .  tells cnn that 'it 's a little bit frustrating ' to be left out of england one-day squads .  world cup in 50-over-per side format starts next month on sub-continen .
 north korea warns 'moment of explosion ' nears <sec> new : north korea reportedly demands the withdrawal of south korean workers from jointly run complex .  analyst says both sides need to cool the rhetoric .  `` the moment of explosion is approaching fast , '' north korea says .  u.s. moves missile defense system to gua .
 hezbollah leader says israel was behind hariri killing <sec> hezbollah 's nasrallah : `` no one is allowed to investigate israel '' .  four hezbollah members were indicted in connection with the killing , a source told cnn .  nasrallah says the court 's goal is to sow sunni-shiite divisio .
 with moon probe bug fixed , ladee on track for lunar date <sec> ladee suffered a `` reaction wheel issue '' soon after it was launched friday .  the lunar atmosphere and dust environment explorer is `` healthy '' and issue resolved , nasa says .  the probe is set to orbit the moon starting october 6 .  it will study the lunar atmosphere and environmental influences on lunar dus .
 ireland picks through debtors ' lifestyles <sec> irish debt applicants will have to give up satellite television , foreign holidays and private school .  scrutiny comes under a strict new insolvency law introduced to tackle the country 's debt crisi .
 southern california braces for more storms and possible mudslides <sec> el nino expected to bring torrential rain thursday to parts of southern california .  authorities warned of possibly severe mudslides in areas denuded by forest fires .  warm ocean current from the south pacific responsible for stor .
 friend or enemy ? sometimes it 's hard to tell <sec> the `` friend or foe '' dynamic between richie incognito and jonathan martin is n't so rare .  some model toxic friendships on their belittling relationships from childhood .  longtime friendships are particularly hard to end with the storehouse of memorie .
 'baby federer ' tag weighs on tennis star 's shoulders <sec> young tennis star grigor dimitrov wants to shed his `` baby federer '' tag .  bulgarian hoping to climb up the rankings from career-high 28th this year .  reveals he always dreamed of being a tennis player as a child .  talks about his love of fine food and fast cars in life away from the cour .
 single mom jumped , screamed after powerball jackpot win <sec> `` i was jumping up and down in the house , '' powerball winner marie holmes says .  the 26-year-old single mom accepted a $ 127-million lump sum payment .  now she says her four kids are `` going to be able to live a comfortable life and not worry about struggling .
 tony awards 2014 : bouncing , rapping hugh jackman delivers surprises <sec> hip-hop artists ll cool j and t.i . .  joined hugh jackman for an unconventional performance .  bryan cranston won best lead actor in a play for portrayal of lbj in `` all the way '' .  audra mcdonald is the first person to win tonys in four different acting categories .  the best musical tony went to `` a gentleman 's guide to love & murder .
 oklahoma tornado : latest developments <sec> at its strongest , the tornado was an ef5 , the national weather service says .  at least 24 dead , more than 100 people rescued after tornado hit , officials say .  insurance claims will likely top $ 1 billion , state insurance official says .  the mayor says `` we ( have ) gone from rescue and searching to recovery .
 apps that lead you off the beaten path <sec> apps such as dérive and serendipitor guide the user to discover new things .  with general directions , the mobile apps help chart an eye-opening course .  google 's niantic labs has also developed apps to get the user moving .  ingress is an android game that encourages interacting with the environmen .
 obama defends his policy on oil pipeline <sec> new : president obama touts reduced dependency on foreign oil .  `` we are drilling more , '' obama says in response to critics .  the president is speaking at sites for solar , domestic oil and other energy sources .  republican presidential candidates say his actions on energy fall shor .
 ethics panel set to clear rep. maxine waters <sec> ethics committee ready to dismiss charges of alleged wrongdoing by congresswoman .  lawmaker was accused of improperly seeking government help for bank that was linked to her husband .  waters repeatedly said her efforts were aimed at helping minority controlled banks during financial crisis .  investigation lasted roughly three years and may have cost taxpayers up to $ 1.3 millio .
 1 dead after tornado spotted near tulsa , oklahoma <sec> national weather service issues tornado warning for tulsa .  an unclear number of people are injured .  official : `` the conditions my people are working in right now are deplorable at best .
 researchers say tooth proves t. rex was predator <sec> some scientists have argued that dinosaur fed only on dead things .  researchers say fossil of dinosaur tail with tooth in it proves otherwise .  tyrannosaurus rex was among top feeders , kansas paleontologist say .
 after cnn report , house oks funding for massive meat recall probe <sec> the house oks $ 1 million for a usda investigation of a california slaughterhouse .  authorities recalled nearly 9 million pounds of meat from there in february .  a congressman says investigators have been too slow to make information public .  `` we have more information from cnn than ... from the ( the ) usda , '' he say .
 cnn student news one-sheet : hiv and aids <sec> use this information to provide students with an overview of hiv and aid .
 tp mazembe crowned kings of africa <sec> tp mazembe have won the african champion 's league for a second successive year .  the congolese team drew 1-1 with esperance of tunisia to seal a 6-1 aggregate win .  mazembe are the first time to retain the trophy on two seperate occasion .
 worst hair day ever involved a monkey <sec> a monkey is key to author 's tale of worst hair day .  lisa kogan still struggles with impulse control .  victim can now tell story and laug .
 iowa libertarian senate candidate dies in plane crash <sec> iowa libertarian senate candidate doug butzier dies in a plane crash monday .  he was a medical doctor at mercy medical center-dubuque .  the cause of the crash is still unknown .  butzier 's name will remain on the ballot in the november electio .
 graffiti artist banksy says he offered $ 60 paintings in central park <sec> banksy fans lament missing unusual art sale .  artist who never shows his face posts an elderly salesman at central park stall .  one customer bargains for half-price deal .  banksy 's paintings regularly go for six figures at auction house .
 alleged kidnapper couple met while man was in prison <sec> phillip garrido was convicted of abducting woman , keeping her in storage unit .  officials : garrido and his wife nancy met while he was in federal prison .  phillip garrido 's dad not surprised about charges : `` he 's out of his head '' .  man accused of abducting girl , 11 , in 1991 apparently maintained blo .
 search for airasia flight qz8501 : where things stand <sec> what may be a flight 8501 window panel has been found , singapore ministry says .  thirty bodies have been recovered , officials say , and four of them have been identified .  officials are focusing the search on a `` most probable area '' in the java se .
 indian court splits holy site into three parts <sec> new : india remains calm after ruling on site at center of 1992 violence .  muslims have said they will appeal to the supreme court .  hindus will be allowed to keep an idol at the site , the court rules .  the northern town has been a religious flashpoint for more than 400 year .
 conan o'brien , taiwan studio in web-video 'feud ' <sec> next media animation parodies conan o'brien 's return to television with an animated video .  o'brien answers with his own animation spoof , so next media mocks his show again .  o'brien says he 'll fire back , but only has one animato .
 notorious computer hacker identified and arrested , authorities say <sec> computer hacker responsible for stealing passwords to financial institutions arrested , says fbi .  police identified and arrested a 23-year-old slovene known as `` iserdo , '' officials announced wednesday .  `` iserdo '' is suspected of creating and operating a computer scam that infected some 12 million computers .  this computer software was one of the `` most notorious in the world , '' said fbi director robert muelle .
 syrian protesters wounded by gunfire ; disputes over who is responsible <sec> new : syrian officials blame violence on armed gangs .  new : an egyptian with u.s. citizenship who worked in syria has been arrested , state media says .  security forces fired at protestors in latakia , leaving several wounded .  syrian state media says an armed group opened fire at citizens and security force .
 the band perry to pay for burial of mom , 8 children killed in fire <sec> the band perry will pay for burial costs for nine people killed in a house fire , publicist says .  the mother , larae watson , and eight of her children , ages 4 to 15 , died thursday .  the father , chad watson , and an 11-year-old girl are being treated for injuries .  authorities say the cause of the kentucky fire appears to be accidenta .
 poulter hits career-best round of 60 to snatch hong kong open lead <sec> ian poulter shoots a second round 60 to lead the hong kong open .  englishman fires ten birdies in a career best round to lead on 13-under .  american anthony kang shoots 61 to sit one shot behind poulter .  rory mcilroy was on course for a share of the lead before a double bogey on the 18t .
 iraqi forces try to wrest tikrit back from isis ' grip <sec> iraq stages an offensive against isis in tikrit .  isis has generally controlled tikrit since 201 .
 a family affair in dubai but mixed results for the djokovic brothers <sec> world no . .  1 novak djokovic and younger brother marko in action at the dubai open .  novak wins in straight sets in first match since his australian open win in january .  djokovic watches brother marko lose in first round clash before his own match .  world no . .  8 mardy fish into second round with a 6-1 6-1 victory over andreas bec .
 what the killings at kansas jewish sites say about u.s. hate groups <sec> slayings a stark reminder of need for tight security , anti-defamation league says .  anti-semitic incidents were down last year , but violence was up , the adl says .  hate groups are on the decline , the southern poverty law center says .  the decline of these groups can foster an increase in violence by follower .
 24 killed , hundreds homeless in mongolia floods <sec> red cross working with local authorities to distribute aid to flood victims .  relief workers say winter poses major threat unless food and shelter in place .  government warned of floods but many people could not be evacuated in tim .
 mom : anti-vaxxers put my baby in quarantine <sec> a california baby too young to be vaccinated went to the doctor with a cold .  another child in the office had measles ; its parents had refused vaccination .  `` their choice endangered my child , '' mother say .
 peru 's president blames deadly clashes on 'dark political interests ' <sec> new : the violence unfolds a month before a new president is to be sworn in .  five people were killed and 25 injured in clashes with police .  the protest was over mining projects in the department of puno .  the government decided to put an end to one mining projec .
 brick and mortar : best indie bookstores <sec> an austin , texas , bookstore features a mystery store within the larger store .  a redondo beach , california , store hosts mystery and lunch events beyond its borders .  you can print out paperbacks or your own work on a new york store 's espresso book machine .  some dedicated bookworms have even tied the knot at ben mcnally books in toront .
 3 shot during super bowl celebrations in new orleans <sec> one man , two women were shot around midnight in french quarter .  none of the victims had life-threatening injuries .  cnn affiliate wwl-tv reports two people detained in connection with shootin .
 man attacks flight attendant on alitalia plane <sec> it happened on a paris-to-rome flight late sunday .  he asked the flight be diverted to tripoli , libya .  other flight attendants immobilized the ma .
 belgian police arrest 'al qaeda legend ' <sec> three suspects have alleged al qaeda links , belgian report says .  one had been given the green light to carry out a terrorist act .  police detained 14 people with links to a belgian branch of al qaed .
 syrian leader bashar al-assad makes rare public appearance <sec> new : russia naval leader says his forces available to evacuate citizens from syria .  at least 50 people were killed wednesday in syria , reports an opposition group .  bashar al-assad visits electricity station in damascus to commemorate workers ' day .  hezbollah leader : syria 's friends will never allow syria to fall to the u.s. , israel or extremist .
 pilot furious at u.s. for silence on bomb <sec> airline pilot steve danyluk was flying over atlantic during bomb attempt but was n't notified .  he only learned about it after landing `` when i looked at the cnn web site on my iphone '' .  writes `` government clearly dropped the ball '' after the incident as well as before .  danyluk : only luck that this was not a coordinated attack involving multiple aircraf .
 brazil coach dunga sacked after dutch defeat <sec> brazil coach dunga sacked after their world cup exit to netherlands .  brazil lost 2-1 in quarterfinals to end their dream of sixth world cup triumph .  dunga heard the news shortly after he returned with team from south afric .
 atlanta teen anthony stokes gets heart transplant <sec> anthony stokes had heart transplant on tuesday night , family spokesman says .  the 15-year-old in georgia was initially told he could n't be on heart transplant list .  original hospital letter to family said teen denied because of `` history of noncompliance '' .  last week anthony had a heart device implanted , family spokesman sai .
 sudanese president charged with genocide <sec> sudanese president charged with genocide for campaign of violence in darfur .  omar hassan al-bashir could be first sitting president to be indicted for genocide .  sudanese official : possible international prosecution stupid and malicious .  about 300,000 have died in darfur , u.n. says ; 2.5 million forced from home .
 training for civilian space travel is no picnic , garriott says <sec> richard garriott will fly with space adventures into space in october .  training involves physical , practical and safety preparation .  garriott says the toughest part is a spinning chair designed to make you vomit .  learning to go to the toilet in space is part of the trainin .
 gumen attack mine-removal team in afghanistan <sec> the landmine crew was on its way to clear areas of herat province .  afghanistan is one of the most-mined countries in the worl .
 mystery photo challenge : where in the world is this port ? <sec> new : the photo is of the walled city of dubrovnik .  dubrovnik is a popular sailing destination on the adriatic .  check the mainsail page for future photo challenge .
 former georgia sheriff 's deputy guilty of murdering wife , worker <sec> derrick yancey is convicted of murdering his wife and a day laborer .  the jury deliberated for 22 hours before rendering the verdict .  prosecutor said yancey shot his wife , then tried to pin it on a day labore .
 2nd italian hostage freed by maoists in india <sec> left-wing insurgents are still holding a state lawmaker in orissa .  they have released the second of two italians they kidnapped .  the indian authorities have offered to free 27 prisoner .
 jpmorgan chase to buy bear stearns <sec> acquisition values bear stearns shares at $ 2 ; shares closed friday at $ 30 .  u.s. fed providing financing for up to $ 30 billion in bear stearns assets .  bear stearns was facing `` run on the bank '' on friday .  deal , if approved by shareholders , will close in jun .
 world cup : germany survive scare against algeria to reach quarterfinals <sec> germany edge past algeria in thrilling last 16 match in porto alegre .  extra-time goals from mesut ozil and andre schurrle seal place in last eight .  algeria close to scoring on numerous occasions during 90 minutes .  joachim low 's side face france after 1998 winners saw off nigeria earlier on monda .
