 ex-partner : 'bulger just kept shooting ' in 1982 homicides <sec> kevin weeks , ex-partner of reputed mob boss james `` whitey '' bulger , testifies .  bulger `` just kept shooting '' brian halloran in a may 1982 homicide , weeks says .  weeks radioed halloran 's movements to bulger before the shooting , he say .
 two more deaths linked to h1n1 virus reported <sec> arizona reports its fourth death linked to h1n1 virus , also known as swine flu .  officials in cook county , illinois , report their second flu death .  latest two deaths not in cdc 's official tally of 11 swine-flu deaths in u.s . .  world health organization has counted 14,557 cases of h1n1 -- 96 of them fata .
 three convicted of plotting terror attack 'bigger than 7/7 ' <sec> new : the 3 men planned to detonate backpack bombs in crowded areas , the court heard .  new : they traveled to pakistan to attend a terror training camp .  ashik ali , ifran khalid and ifran naseer wanted to carry out a big attack , prosecutors say .  `` these men had dangerous aspirations , '' says prosecutor karen jone .
 why gore breakup touched a nerve <sec> stephanie coontz says news of the gores ' breakup makes older couples fret : could that be us ? .  contrary to assumptions , late-life divorces usually instigated by women , she says .  these divorces rare , but climbing , she says ; chance for repartnering greater these days .  coontz : older couples should focus on growing together with shared experience , pla .
 a summer lost on the 'lost key ' <sec> perdido key , florida , did n't see as much oil as other nearby tourism-driven places .  businesses still suffered , laid off workers or closed down .  beaches are open , but few visitors are renting condos , even at reduced rate .
 stories of resilience after typhoon haiyan <sec> typhoon haiyan struck the philippines on november 8 , 2013 .  death toll tops 6,000 , with more than 1,000 still missing .  charities continue to provide disaster relie .
 protests break out across yemen <sec> demonstrations swell friday in several yemen cities .  both pro- and anti-government demonstrators are out in force , witnesses say .  anti-government protesters are chanting `` saleh will fall , '' witnesses say .  pro-government demonstrators chant `` we are with you , saleh .
 are we really ready to take a look at 'real women ' ? <sec> the ralph lauren brand is attracting attention for hiring a `` plus-size '' model .  lauren 's company previously drew attention for digitally altering bodies .  lady gaga 's weight gain has been the subject of much scrutiny .  gaga has launched a `` body revolution , '' sharing photos and revelations about her own bod .
 attorneys in rancorous bulger trial make final pitches <sec> new : both sides make closing arguments in the trial of james `` whitey '' bulger .  new : defense : `` all our government cared about -- get the mafia at all costs '' .  new : prosecution : `` it 's not about whether or not the fbi in boston was a mess '' .  bulger is accused of 19 killings during a 20-year `` reign of terror .
 leaks offer less-than-flattering look at some world leaders <sec> communications discuss libyan leader 's relationship with nurse .  saudi king suggested implanting tracking devices in detainees , cable says .  french president nicolas sarkozy called `` challenging partner '' .  former u.s. gen. stanley mcchrystal was also among topic .
 shaken and stirred on the slopes : the greatest bond scene ever made ? <sec> opening sequence in `` the spy who loved me '' arguably the greatest bond scene ever .  roger moore 's 007 skis off a cliff and falls thousands of feet before opening a union jack parachute .  scene underlines the important role skiing plays in the ever popular movie franchise .  legendary bond producer albert broccoli and stunt co-ordinator vic armstrong agre .
 making up is hard to do : lebron sends cupcake apology <sec> lebron james sends cupcakes to his neighbors in cleveland by way of apology .  nba star 's recent return to cleveland has caused a commotion in his neighborhood .  james recently signed for the cavaliers , the team where he made his name .  cupcakes come with a note that says : `` we are sorry for the chaos .
 your e-mails : a tenor for heaven 's choir <sec> opera singer luciano pavarotti died thursday at his home in modena , italy .  cnn.com readers recall the tenor 's `` amazing voice '' and `` strength '' of music .  `` the world 's loss is now heaven 's gain , '' one user write .
 actor wesley snipes released from prison <sec> snipes was convicted on tax charges in february 2010 .  he was released tuesday to a supervised residential location .  the u.s. supreme court refused to hear an appeal in 2011 .  snipes , 50 , starred in the `` blade '' movie series , among other film .
 spinner panesar earns england ashes recall <sec> monty panesar has been recalled to england 's cricket squad for the ashes against australia .  chris tremlett has also been selected for the southern hemisphere tour .  andrew strauss : `` to captain england in an ashes series down under is a huge honor .
 nfl toughens domestic violence policy <sec> players union says it will continue to defend players rights .  the new policy takes effect immediately , nfl commissioner roger goodell says .  the commissioner admitted he should have punished ray rice more severely .  rice got two-game suspension after video showed him dragging his now-wif .
 3 arrested in american 's kidnapping in pakistan , official says <sec> gunmen abducted warren weinstein from his home in lahore , pakistan .  weinstein is a u.s. development expert who works in pakistan .  investigators have arrested three suspects , a police official said tuesda .
 ahmadinejad 's sister loses in iran vote <sec> the president 's sister was defeated by a conservative .  ali larijani , the parliament 's speaker , won re-election .  conservatives fared well in the rac .
 murdoch 's ad apologizes for 'serious wrongdoing ' in hacking scandal <sec> murdoch 's full-page ad , run in every national newspaper , says : `` we are sorry '' .  he apologizes in person to the family of a murdered girl whose phone was allegedly hacked .  two senior news corp. executives resign friday over the phone hacking scandal .  reporters are alleged to have hacked people 's voice mails and bribed police officer .
 two miners killed in nevada mine accident identified <sec> new : two dead miners survived by spouses , children .  mining accident happened thursday in elko county , nevada .  barrick gold corp. vows to try to prevent future accidents .  the bodies were found 1,300 feet undergroun .
 why you really ought to take your older cat to the vet <sec> a study by the appa found that feline veterinary visits have declined in recent years . .  catch and treat pets ' physical maladies early to dramatically increase their life spans , vets say . .  watch for ailments like arthritis and obesity in a senior cat to help it live well into its teens .
 gwyneth paltrow responds to martha stewart <sec> gwyneth paltrow reacted positively to choice words from martha stewart .  paltrow : `` i 'm so psyched that she sees us as competition '' .  stewart previously said paltrow should `` just be quiet .
 neighbors warn south sudan to end conflict <sec> president salva kiir is embroiled in a power struggle with his fired deputy .  the conflict has raged for nearly a year despite previous ceasefire deals .  united nations : more than 1.5 million people have been displace .
 edit video tightly and precisely <sec> cnn 's ireport boot camp challenges ireporters to improve storytelling chops .  cnn 's brandon ancil shares his advice on editing video .  show us your editing skills by september 1 .
 w.h . : keep 'perspective ' after secret service incidents <sec> washington post reports secret service mishandled response to 2011 shooting incident .  officials dismissed gunshots as backfire ; it turned out shots broke white house windows .  report says president obama and the first lady were outraged at the agency 's respons .
 'chess killer ' sentenced to life <sec> moscow court sentences serial killer to maximum sentence of life in prison .  alexander pichushkin was found guilty of killing 48 people .  he was ordered to undergo psychiatric treatment at the priso .
 kellie pickler on her new country album and growing up <sec> last week kellie pickler released her third album , `` 100 proof , '' a set of country songs .  `` i 've never worked harder on anything like i did this , '' she said .  `` i 'd definitely say that my life is on this record , '' she sai .
 police : 10-year-old colorado girl missing for week is dead <sec> new : `` our focus has changed from a search for jessica to a mission of justice , '' police say .  a body found wednesday has been identified as that of young jessica ridgeway .  a police chief says that authorities `` recognize that there is a predator at large .
 red-light citation for driver who collided with phelps car <sec> michael phelps will be cited for failure to present a valid driver 's license .  olympic champ driving one of 2 vehicles in baltimore crash .  female driver of 2nd vehicle taken to a hospital as a precaution , police say .  crash is under investigation , police spokesman say .
 cnn student news transcript : november 12 , 2010 <sec> learn about the tension caused by accusations of currency manipulation .  discover how some americans paid tribute to their country 's veterans .  find out why some people around the world choose to live near volcanoes .  use the weekly newsquiz to test your knowledge of stories you saw on cnn student new .
 celebrities applaud cnn heroes <sec> every year , celebrities come out to help recognize cnn heroes making a difference .  bon jovi : no awards show is more exciting than cnn heroes .  robinson peete : `` heroes is just food for your soul .
 florida teens accused of burning boy plead not guilty <sec> new : attorney denounces charging teens as adults , will seek bond .  michael brewer has burns on 65 percent of his body after being doused with alcohol , set ablaze .  three teens charged as adults with one count of attempted murder in the second degree .  two other boys ages 13 and 15 have been charged as juvenile .
 2 dead , 28 sick from e. coli outbreak <sec> two people have died after becoming infected with e. coli in this outbreak .  e. coli is a bacterium that can cause bloody diarrhea , dehydration , kidney failure .  use a food thermometer to measure the internal temperature of bee .
 is n't it time to respect venezuela 's democracy ? <sec> despite perceptions , hugo chavez has brought social progress to venezuela .  moncada : venezuela 's critics have engineered a false narrative of impending disaster .  venezuela has used its vast oil reserves to transform lives of ordinary people .  ambassador says chavez 's most significant achievement is his empowerment of the majorit .
 minority kids impacted by zero-tolerance laws <sec> african-american and hispanic kids disproportionately kicked out of school , investigators say .  racial discrimination is unintended consequence of 90s-era zero-tolerance policies .  some question whether racism is at play ; others say more federal discipline funding needed .  government , advocates urge schools to dial back on zero toleranc .
 equatorial guinea president pledges reforms <sec> president wants to ensure peace , political stability and transparency .  'we must remember that equatorial guinea is relatively young , ' he says .  he seized power in a 1979 coup , was re-elected in november .  nation ranked among most corrupt worldwid .
 zelizer : obama 's very tough year <sec> julian zelizer : president barack obama suffered many reverses in 2013 .  he says the glow of reelection faded fast , as obama faced relentless opposition from gop in congress .  budget battles consumed valuable time , and the rollout of obamacare was a major embarrassment , he says .  zelizer : diplomatic deals on iran and syria provided some progress , but they may not hol .
 israel 's pm on teens : 'may god avenge their blood ' <sec> israeli prime minister benjamin netanyahu says hamas is responsible , `` will pay '' .  israel has arrested hundreds , demolished homes , closed institutions , he adds .  a little-known group supporting the `` islamic state '' claims responsibility for teens ' deaths .  the 3 teens are remembered as `` gifted , pure , honest and decent '' at their funera .
 officials find arsenal of weapons in new jersey hotel room <sec> fbi on tuesday said no ties to any terrorist group or specific plot had been found .  lloyd r. woodson , 43 , arraigned tuesday on multiple weapons charges , resisting arrest .  he was arrested monday near a store in branchburg , new jersey .  found in room : various rifles , grenade launcher , ballistic vest , police scanner , ammunitio .
 pakistan flooding kills 200 , damages almost 1 million homes , u.n. says <sec> u.n. humanitarian relief efforts are underway in southeastern pakistan .  about 200,000 people need immediate help , the united nations say .
 thailand 's top , but gruesome , museum <sec> named the best museum in thailand , hellfire pass memorial museum commemorates the notorious death railway .  during world war ii , thousands of pows and workers died building a railway for japanese military .  visitors can walk along the narrow trench of hellfire pass and other wwii monuments nearby .  audio headset includes voices of survivors who describe atrocities they endure .
 what if we put juries on tv ? <sec> bob greene says blagojevich jury verdict likely led to some exec 's eureka moment .  why not a reality show about a deliberating jury ? , he speculates .  he says in a tell-all culture , with cash-strapped courts , someone , somewhere is bound to allow it .  greene : dramatic possibilities endless , as are potential abuses . .  but it would sell bi .
 son of sushi chef on a roll in formula 1 <sec> kamui kobayashi thanks suzuka fans for support after sunday 's podium finish .  his third-place finish at suzuka only the third by a japanese driver in f1 history .  sauber driver believes he can now regard himself 'as a formula 1 driver ' after sunday 's feat .  sauber chief hopes kobayashi feat can inspire a resurgence of japanese interest in the spor .
 put u.s. supreme court arguments on tv <sec> joe mathewson : supreme court should follow other courts , televise its arguments .  he says a good start would be to show oral argument on obama health care law .  mathewson : cameras have n't disrupted the proceedings of other courts .  televising court sessions would be good for the country and for the court , he say .
 silvana lima : brazil 's 'perfect 10 ' surfing pioneer <sec> silvana lima is the only brazilian on the women 's surfing world tour .  lima was the first to register a perfect score of 10 in female competition in 2005 .  her style is progressive and dynamic and she 's regularly watched by other professionals .  she has twice finished runner-up on the asp world championship tou .
 cnn 's arwa damon wins 2014 courage in journalism award <sec> cnn correspondent arwa damon wins 2014 courage in journalism award .  the accolade recognizes women who risk their lives reporting the news .  damon started with cnn in 2004 and became correspondent two years late .
 'heroic ' mission rescues desperate yazidis from isis <sec> the united states conducts airstrikes around mount sinjar .  yazidis fled there to escape the march of isis .  a cnn crew was on the rescue flight .  yazidis , among iraq 's smallest minorities , are of kurdish descen .
 6 great turkish adventures beyond the beaches and bazaars <sec> turkey is huge yet most visitors stick to a tiny part of it .  ancient ruins abound -- some of the best are weirdly under-visited .  there 's an inland sea with a water-loving , odd-eyed cat .  and a mountain where noah 's ark got stuck -- apparentl .
 thousands protest in shiite provinces in southern iraq <sec> shiites demonstrated in basra , diwaniyah , karbala , al-muthana and babil provinces .  they supported iraqi government and prime minister , opposed sectarianism .  protests were in response to those of sunnis , who say government is biase .
 haitians in u.s. wait for news and worry <sec> new : state department line for those seeking information about loved ones : 1-888-407-4747 .  with phone lines down , haitians in u.s. fret about loved ones on island .  `` it looks like it 's worse than we all imagined , '' haitian in miami says .  haiti is most impoverished country in western hemisphere , plagued by violenc .
 consumers warned about possible drug mix-up <sec> machine problems could have mixed up painkillers and over-the-counter drugs .  novartis issued a voluntary recall sunday for excedrin , bufferin , nodoz , gas-x .  people using endo pharmaceuticals urged to inspect their pill .
 north korea urges peace treaty , wants sanctions dropped <sec> armistice ended korean war in 1953 ; north suggests replacing with treaty .  it suggests that such a move would ease return to nuclear talks .  pyongyang wants sanctions off table before talks continue .  washington has refused to normalize relations until program dismantle .
 world 's most valuable resource , a curse for most nigerians <sec> nigeria is one of world 's richest oil states ; people are among poorest in world .  nigerian agency : $ 300 billion to $ 400 billion in oil profits squandered , stolen .  militant group mend attacks oil pipelines , demands profits given to nigerian people .  un : niger delta has had more than 6,000 spills ; 10 times more than exxon valde .
 youtube releases new iphone app <sec> apple will no longer include a youtube app by default in new versions of its mobile operating system .  youtube has released a new iphone app which has a new design and can play videos with ads .  while it may temporarily lose users , youtube gains back control over its apps design and feature .
 what is gestational diabetes ? <sec> jasleen 's mother had gestational diabetes , which contributed to her large size .  gestational diabetes results from hormonal changes every pregnant woman has .  cdc : a large baby will have an increased chance of being overweight or obese later in lif .
 baby gorilla rescued from suspected traffickers <sec> undercover officers rescue a baby gorilla from suspected animal traffickers .  congolese wildlife authority officers find gorilla hidden in bag .  female gorilla was overheated and dehydrated after six hours in transi .
 louis zamperini , 'unbroken ' warrior , dies at 97 <sec> `` farewell to the grandest , most buoyant , most generous soul i ever knew '' -- hillenbrand .  louis zamperini is the subject of bestseller and upcoming film `` unbroken '' .  zamperini survived plane crash , weeks on raft , japanese pow camps .  after world war ii , he became inspirational speake .
 egypt unrest : ramadan begins and the military asks for trust <sec> new : more than 200 people detained during clashes face charges .  reports : cabinet posts will be offered to the muslim brotherhood and salafists .  a presidential declaration by adly mansour would grant him limited legislative powers .  the declaration outlines a timetable for parliamentary and presidential election .
 physicians : birth control should be sold without a prescription <sec> physicians group recommends oral contraceptives be sold over the counter .  approximately 50 % of all pregnancies in the united states are unplanned .  access , cost are common reasons why women do not use contraception regularl .
 can a name change help a website ? <sec> msnbc.com changes its name to nbcnews.com .  url changes are incredibly rare on the internet .  still , there are examples of successful companies changing their web addresses .  facebook , of course , used to be thefacebook.co .
 after more than a decade , janet evans plunges back into competition <sec> janet evans , 40 , is trying to make the u.s. olympic swimming team .  she has been retired for 15 years .  two years ago , the wife and mother of two began planning a comeback .  coach predicts she will `` amaze everyone '' with her spee .
 timeline : moammar gadhafi 's final moments <sec> new : gadhafi is found in a large drainage pipe , a libyan envoy says .  libya 's interim prime minister says that gadhafi did n't resist capture .  he was caught in a crossfire while on a vehicle , destined for misrata .  dna tests were used to confirm the dead man was indeed gadhaf .
 u.s. , chinese leaders talk of forging 'new model ' in relations <sec> new : xi says meeting could `` chart the future of china-u.s. relations '' .  new : obama says a peaceful , prosperous china is good for the u.s. , world .  the two leaders meet for 2 days in the desert around palm springs , california .  the talks come as the u.s. has said cyberattacks have originated from chin .
 indian city shaken by blasts ; 15 dead <sec> two bomb blasts killed at least 15 people and wounded 119 others in hyderabad .  hyderabad 's police did n't rule out the possibility of terror involvement .  pm manmohan singh said `` the guilty will not go unpunished .
