 uk girls ' list for syria trip : makeup , bras , epilator <sec> police chief apologizes for failure to send letter to girls ' parents but defends police inquiry .  relatives of the girls tell uk lawmakers they had no idea what the girls were planning .  family members criticize how police handled the case , say they were not kept informe .
 north korea 's top brass marks kim jong il 's death <sec> two-year anniversary marked for death of kim jong il .  north korea 's top brass attended ceremony .  attention to north korea after execution of kim jong un 's uncle .  new : more restrictions in north kore .
 child-killing virus hits beijing <sec> hand-foot-mouth disease has sickened 24,934 children in china ; 42 have died .  illness is caused by virus ; not related to foot-and-mouth disease in animals .  there is no vaccine and no treatment for severe cases , which can cause paralysis .  adults with healthy immune systems can usually resist the diseas .
 who is david boren ? <sec> boren is the first person in oklahoma history to serve as governor , senator and ou president .  he 's the face of the university 's stand against racis .
 sotomayor would be part of court 's catholic shift <sec> if confirmed , judge sonia sotomayor would be supreme court 's sixth catholic .  five current catholic justices were appointed by republican presidents .  catholic league president says sotomayor would lean more left than other justice .
 police in philippines arrest 58 in global sexual blackmail case <sec> police in philippines arrest 58 in sexual cyberblackmail case .  3 accused of blackmailing scottish teen among those arrested .  the teenager committed suicide after being blackmailed .  interpol says networks also operate in asia and afric .
 2 mexican nationals charged in death of coast guardsman <sec> a coast guardsman dies after a panga boat rams his boat , authorities say .  the panga flees , but it is eventually intercepted and its 2 occupants detained .  the 2 mexicans are charged with killing a u.s. officer and held without bond .  they told investigators they were transporting gas to another panga boa .
 manchester united 's season goes from bad to worse after cup exit <sec> manchester united knocked out of english league cup by lowly sunderland .  sunderland win on penalties after a dramatic finale to the semifinal tie at old trafford .  four manchester united players miss in the shootout as sunderland win 2-1 .  result heaps pressure on beleaguered manchester united manager david moye .
 training over , time to fly : cnn reporter goes supersonic <sec> cnn 's anna coren flies in the south korean air force 's latest fighter jet .  she completed the mandatory training course that tested her body to the limit .  the air force pilots have to be exceptionally fit to endure the gravitational stress .  the t-50 flight lasts an hour , with the jet performing mind-bending maneuver .
 opinion : but can the dude play ? <sec> donna brazile says her sports-fan dad would have been unconcerned about sexuality .  he 'd have said , `` yeah , but can the dude play ? '' .  competence not same as sexuality , she says .  she says orientation should be a yawn in a just world , but collins ' coming out hugely important .  brazile : homophobia crumbling . .  first with do n't ask , do n't tell repeal , now in sport .
 ryan braun apologizes : 'i have no one to blame but myself ' <sec> ryan braun gives details about what he did -- and why .  the outfielder says it started as he dealt with a `` nagging injury '' .  braun : `` i kept the truth from everyone . .  for a long time , i was in denial '' .  braun was suspended last month for violating mlb 's drug polic .
 eto'o handed ban for head-butt <sec> samuel eto'o banned for three games for head-butt on chievo 's bostjan cesar .  cameroon international also fined €30,000 ( $ 40,000 ) .  striker is available for wednesday 's champions league tie with fc twent .
 fight back against restrictive voting laws <sec> lawrence norden : since 2011 , more than two dozen restrictive voting measures have passed .  fortunately , some states have rejected them , as michigan did tuesday , says norden .  florida will probably not resume its notorious purging of voter rolls , he says .  norden : modernizing voter registration could add 50 million eligible voters to the roll .
 melinda gates responds to contraception program controversy <sec> melinda gates is co-founder with bill gates of charitable foundation .  melinda gates is a practicing catholic .  her foundation initiative for contraception in third world generating catholic criticism .  gates says she will continue to advocate for access to birth contro .
 u.s. consulate in herat , afghanistan , attacked ; 3 dead <sec> new : taliban says it conducted another attack elsewhere .  there were no u.s. casualties in the attack in herat province .  militants drove a truck towards the u.s. consulate gate .  the taliban claimed responsibility for the attac .
 cdc : production of h1n1 flu vaccine lagging <sec> cdc had hoped 40 million doses would be available by end of october .  cdc immunization chief : `` we think at most it will be 10 to 12 million doses less '' .  8 million doses had been ordered by states as of wednesday , cdc says .  dr. anne schuchat : 86 children have died from virus since august 3 .
 is zuckerberg to blame for facebook 's slumping stock ? <sec> facebook stock hit a record low of $ 18.75 this week .  some investors are placing blame on ceo mark zuckerberg .  the 28-year-old executive has been trying to boost employee confidenc .
 mogadishu gets first cash machine <sec> salaam somali bank has installed an atm in the somali capital mogadishu .  the machine dispenses u.s. dollars rather than the official currency , the somali shilling .  the new machine follows the installation of atms in the northern city of hargeisa in the breakaway somaliland region .  remittance income makes up more than half of somalia 's gross national incom .
 pamela anderson files for divorce from rick salomon <sec> the `` baywatch '' actress asks for privacy about her split from rick salomon .  anderson and salomon are longtime friends and twice married to each other .  she said they were `` very happy '' when she revealed they remarried last january .  she previously married and divorced musicians tommy lee and kid roc .
 will arnett , amy poehler separate after nine years of marriage <sec> couple met in 2000 and married three years later .  they have appeared on screen together several times .  she played his wife when he was on `` arrested development '' .  they have two young son .
 comcast bans man from internet for using too much data <sec> andre vrignaud used more than 250 gb of data on comcast two months in a row .  vrignaud was paying $ 60 a month for a 15mbps download speed .  at & t recently slapped a 150 gb per month cap on its dsl service .  at & t , verizon and t-mobile all have caps on mobile data usag .
 house impeaches texas judge accused of sex crimes <sec> samuel kent says he lied about nonconsensual sexual contact with 2 employees .  kent submits resignation effective june 2010 , which allowed him to collect salary .  to keep kent from being paid while in jail , house panel votes to impeach .  decision on whether he 'll lose his seat on the bench and pension rests with senat .
 mourners hail nelson mandela 's courage , conviction <sec> new : state news : mandela 's body is moved to a military hospital in pretoria .  new : producer : mandela 's kin give their ok for london film premiere to continue .  4 years after his release from prison , mandela became south africa 's first black president .  president : after years of health issues , he died thursday surrounded by his famil .
 israel explains gaza media restrictions <sec> israel 's media restrictions have prevented journalists from entering gaza .  hamas accused by israel of exploiting the deaths of civilians through media .  israel : restrictions avoid interference in military operations .  inside gaza hamas has controlled the images broadcast by the medi .
 key aides from putin 's inner circle targeted in new round of eu sanctions <sec> cnn exclusive : 12 more individuals to face asset freezes and visa bans .  two key aides to president vladimir putin and controversial tv anchor on the list .  33 officials are now targeted by the eu sanctions against russi .
 settlement results in free credit monitoring service <sec> you can now apply to get free credit monitoring services for a short period .  the service is part of a lawsuit settlement against transunion .  credit bureau was accused of using credit data to make , sell marketing lists .  selling the information is violation of fair credit reporting ac .
 iraqi parliament speaker chosen after days of deadlock <sec> iraq elects a sunni politician as parliament speaker .  it marks first real step to form new government after lawmakers convened , failed to make a move .  iraq is facing a powerful insurgency from the islamic state in iraq and syria .  secretary of state john kerry issues congratulations to ira .
 mean girls : fighting on reality tv <sec> sammi giancola engaged in a bar fight on thursday 's episode of `` jersey shore '' .  catfights have become standard for many cable and network reality series .  `` the bachelor , '' `` mob wives '' and `` love & hip hop '' feature such aggressive behavio .
 china grants license to christie 's <sec> christie 's received license to operate independently in mainland china .  christie 's is the first international fine art auction house to receive license .  chinese art market ranked as world 's fastest-growing in past 5 year .
 father , his 2 adult children arrested in texas bank robberies <sec> two men in vests -- one in a fake mustache , another in a painter 's mask -- rob a bank .  police say they are father and son , and allege a daughter drove the getaway car .  detectives : the family bought the distinctive orange traffic vests at a nearby home depot .  authorities believe the family may be responsible for 7 bank robberies , 5 in orego .
 the enemy within : who 's stealing your company 's secrets ? <sec> study : one in seven european workers have taken confidential information to new job .  employees are most inclined to take documents they 've worked on .  almost a third confessed they would deliberately take files if they were sacke .
 rapper tone loc pleads no contest to domestic violence charge <sec> performer sentenced to one day in jail after entering plea .  he was charged with injuring his child 's mother and possession of an assault weapon .  rapper rose to fame with hits like `` wild thing , '' and since has acted on televisio .
 one-third of u.s. households lack broadband web access <sec> 5 % to 10 % in u.s. have access to internet too slow to support basic functions .  the federal government offers an online map for tracking where fast internet is available .  mobile broadband sometimes does not reach advertised speed .
 golfer , 64 , plans 600th round of 2010 <sec> `` the world 's most avid golfer '' is set to complete his 600th round of 2010 .  richard lewis will play the landmark round on december 26 in dallas , texas .  the 64-year-old will continue to play until end of 2010 and his total is set to reach 611 .  he has missed playing only 19 days this year , all due to inclement weathe .
 my heavy metal makeover <sec> malcolm dome of totalrock conveys the joys of metal to the unconverted .  heavy metal concerts likened to panto , `` it 's circus , it 's frivolity , '' dome says .  metal 'uniform ' of black t-shirt , jeans and leather apparently unnecessary .  metalheads display fierce loyalty to their bands , unlike fickle world of po .
 khmer rouge leaders guilty , sentenced to life in prison <sec> two top leaders of cambodia 's 1975-79 khmer rouge regime found guilty of crimes against humanity .  both men sentenced to life imprisonment .  nuon chea was the regime 's `` brother no . .  2 '' and khieu samphan its `` no . .  4 '' .  the men are the first khmer rouge leaders ever to face justic .
 malcolm fraser , australia 's former prime minister , dies <sec> fraser was australia 's 22nd prime minister , from 1975-1983 .  fraser is credited with shaping australian ties with east and southeast asian countrie .
 california man surrenders in vanderbilt football rape case <sec> miles joseph finley , 19 , is accused of evidence tampering .  he traveled voluntarily to nashville to surrender to police .  he and a co-defendant are friends of a former vanderbilt football player 's .  four football players are implicated in alleged rape of vanderbilt studen .
 more than 1,000 dead in syria since mid-march , u.n. chief says <sec> new : `` violent repression by security and military forces must end immediately , '' ban says .  new : a london-based syrian group says at least 34 are dead friday .  protesters in syria dedicate friday 's marches to children .  children have died during the demonstrations , groups sa .
 advertisers find new space -- on matador capes <sec> matador joselito ortega will use capes embroidered with the words `` gay up '' .  `` gay up '' is the name of a non-alcoholic energy drink in spain .  industry experts : first time advertising will appear on bullfighter 's capes .  ortega , who says he 's not gay , has been gored six or seven time .
 notre-dame suicide on the altar of same-sex marriage <sec> historian and writer dominique venner shot himself inside notre dame cathedral .  78-year-old right-wing activist was an opponent of france 's new same-sex marriage law .  controversial law signed after lengthy , sometimes bitter and angry debate .  poirier : divide over law is both political and generationa .
 india launches rocket in hope of joining elite mars explorer club <sec> only nasa , the former soviet union and europeans have succeeded with mars probes .  india 's spacecraft will explore the planet 's surface features , minerals and atmosphere .  isro chairman k radhakrishnan says one of the biggest technological challenges is just getting there .  nasa is due to launch its maven probe to mars later in novembe .
 'obamacare ' should be a gop rallying cry <sec> william bennett : 'obamacare ' encapsulates conservative objections to president .  he says republicans should look back to the elections of 2010 and the tea party 's message .  bennett : democrats ' 2010 shellacking was largely a referendum on 'obamacare ' .  he says 'obamacare ' should be rallying cry to reinvigorate opposition to the presiden .
 eu officials to meet about horsemeat scandal <sec> new : european union officials to meet wednesday to discuss the issue .  french officials seek to inventory customers of food supplier for tainted products .  romanian officials say the problem does n't involve slaughterhouses in their country .  as many as 16 nations may be involved in supply chai .
 bodies hanging from bridge in mexico are warning to social media users <sec> signs say two people were killed for denouncing cartel activities on the internet .  their bodies show signs of torture .  online posts have become some of the loudest voices reporting violence in mexico .  social media users say they will stand stron .
 lance armstrong 's return to competition action sunk <sec> disgraced cyclist lance armstrong pulls out of return to competitive sport .  armstrong entered an endurance swimming event in texas this weekend .  swimming 's governing body ask organizers to forbid armstrong from competing .  the 41-year-old had his seven tour de france titles stripped after admitting dopin .
 serena williams pulls out of indian wells <sec> serena williams pulls out of semifinal due to knee injury .  sister venus did the same before 14-year boycott .  williams returned to the tournament for first time since 200 .
 feds blame bp , other companies for 2010 gulf spill <sec> new : while bp agrees with the report 's conclusion , halliburton rejects any responsibility .  the final federal government report on the gulf oil spill blames bp , transocean , and halliburton .  the companies violated numerous federal safety regulations , the report says .  11 rig workers died and 200 million gallons of oil were released into the gul .
 minnesota same-sex marriage fight re-energized -- on both sides <sec> minnesota voters will decide in november whether to implement a same-sex marriage ban .  same-sex marriage supporters say they 've gotten a boost from president obama 's comments .  obama said he favored same-sex marriage , although agreed states should decide the issue .  same-sex marriage opponents say their base was also energized by obam .
 syria responds to annan 's proposal ; rebel stronghold of idlib seized <sec> wednesday 's death toll is at 56 , including 29 in idlib .  two turkish journalists are missing in syria .  annan will brief the u.n. security council on friday .  three resign from the opposition syrian national counci .
 new york 's 'miracle on the hudson ' survivors toast five years later <sec> survivors mark the five-year anniversary of the `` miracle on the hudson '' landing .  survivors reunited with rescuers for `` toast to life '' .  flight 1549 was forced to land in hudson river after geese damaged engine .
 lewis hamilton eyes glory on a 'more level ' playing field <sec> lewis hamilton is relishing the new rules that will kick in with the 2014 season .  former world champion desperate for chance to compete for the title again .  briton targets second place in 2013 constructors ' championship for mercede .
 officials : co-pilot andreas lubitz hid illness <sec> reuters reports german newspaper says lubitz took break in 2009 due to depression .  ripped medical-leave notes found at his home indicate co-pilot hid an illness , officials say .  investigators found no goodbye letter or evidence of political or religious motivatio .
 oklahoma mom calling 911 asks if shooting an intruder is allowed <sec> new : mother tells `` dr. drew '' she does not regret pulling trigger .  dispatcher did a `` very good job , '' sheriff says .  a young widow with a baby calls 911 , saying someone 's breaking into her home .  after checking with the dispatcher , sarah mckinley fires , killing the intrude .
 uk jets greet russian bombers <sec> pictures show uk fighters encountering russian bombers over the atlantic .  encounter came on the same day russia resumed bomber patrols .  russian president announces plans for military aviation expansion .  encounter comes amid russian assertiveness and tensions with the wes .
 police : child rape suspect armed , on the run <sec> gregory lewis , 26 , was arrested on felony child rape charges , then freed on bail .  police : he later cut off his gps monitoring bracelet , drove off in parents ' jeep .  authorities say lewis returned to his home , beat and tied up a family member , left with a gun .  `` lewis is considered to be extremely dangerous , '' police sa .
 sandy-damaged 9/11 photos combine pivotal new york events <sec> firefighter 's negatives from 9/11 ground zero damaged by superstorm sandy 's flooding .  family member developed negatives ; firefighter found them `` haunting in their own respect '' .  images are now on display in manhattan in an exhibit the curator describes as `` arresting .
 failures cited in friendly fire deaths in afghanistan <sec> teams involved did not follow established procedures , pentagon report says .  one radio had no batteries , while another had a broken talk button .  six soldiers , including five americans , were mistaken for the enemy and bombe .
 the 7 coolest things at ces 2015 <sec> ces 2015 tech show saw futuristic , far-out innovations .  highlights included mercedes benz 's driverless car and smart skateboard .
 man who served 17 years was innocent of rape , da says <sec> george rodriguez was released in 2004 but never formally cleared .  prosecutors say dna tests rule out his participation in the 1987 rap .
 ricky martin giving a voice to exploited children <sec> ricky martin started his foundation to advocate for children around the world .  in 2004 , he started focusing his efforts on human trafficking .  martin : `` you can not turn a blind eye '' to children being forced into slavery .  martin was on the blue ribbon panel that chose this year 's top 10 cnn heroe .
 fda reports numerous violations at egg farms <sec> food safety advocacy group calls findings `` stomach churning '' .  hillandale , wright county egg say some of the problems have been fixed .  inspections find numerous violations at iowa egg farms , fda says .  inspection reports do not outline compliance or enforcement action .
 unusual -- and legal -- ways to make money <sec> many americans are looking for creative ways to make ends meet .  a hair-selling web site says it 's seen a 20 percent increase in recent months .  a texas man makes a living participating in medical trials .  guests of gold exchange parties swap stories , have drinks and sell jewelr .
 the smarter way to protest college speakers <sec> sally kohn : students protesting views of commencement speakers are well-intentioned .  condoleezza rice , christine lagarde canceled their appearances after outcry .  kohn : do n't stop speakers from coming to campus , but protest if you object to their views .  she says students can silently show their disapproval , but do n't be rud .
