 texas man brings hope to 'forgotten ' disabled iraqi kids <sec> brad blauser 's wheelchairs for iraqi kids has distributed nearly 650 free wheelchairs .  dallas native blauser lives in baghdad and works for free .  `` disabled children -- they 're really the forgotten ones in this war , '' he said .  vote now for the cnn hero of the year at cnn.com/heroe .
 five more held in deadly westgate mall attack in kenya <sec> five more held in connection with westgate mall attack , senior kenyan official says .  this is in addition to 11 others detained shortly after the september 21 attack .  the suspects are expected to appear in court monday , the official say .
 former lab worker arrested in two nebraska double homicides <sec> anthony joseph garcia worked at the creighton university pathology lab .  he was arrested in the deaths of four people tied to the school .  a professor and his wife were killed in may .  the son of two professors was killed in march 2008 along with their housekeepe .
 7 killed in peru helicopter crash , including americans <sec> company president : `` we 'll do everything we can to learn any causes of the accident '' .  the victims worked for columbia helicopters of portland , oregon , which identified the employees .  the chopper crashes and explodes near pucallpa in central per .
 bianchi family reveal f1 driver has suffered 'diffuse axonal injury ' <sec> family of f1 driver injured at sunday 's japanese gp reveal further details on condition .  jules bianchi suffering from an `` diffuse axonal injury '' according to family statement .  the injury causes widespread tearing of nerve fibers in brain , according to uk brain injury charity .  bianchi collided with a recovery vehicle attempting to remove a competitor 's car at side of trac .
 king pardons saudi rape victim <sec> new : sources say pardon unrelated to hajj nor subsequent eid al-adha .  new : justice minister says king felt pardon in best interests of saudi people .  report : king abdullah pardons rape victim sentenced to 200 lashes .  a saudi court had ruled the 19-year-old had an `` illegitimate relationship .
 kodak confirms it had weapons-grade uranium in underground lab <sec> kodak turned the material over to the government in 2007 .  it was used in scanning and testing for more than 30 years .  the amount of fuel was about three-and-a-half pounds .  experts say that 's less than a tenth of what 's needed for a crude nuclear devic .
 arctic sailing : will ocean racers follow franklin ? <sec> sailing race planned from new york to victoria , canada via northwest passage .  inaugural race planned for summer of 2017 but coast guard has concerns .  organizer says race will educate world and help canada 's claim to high arctic water .
 one syrian story : a sniper 's bullet , a dying child , a family 's desperation <sec> a bullet comes from nowhere but finds 4-year-old rena , in her mother 's lap .  the shot tears through her cheek ; a family 's desperate rush for help begins .  dar al'shifa hospital sees trauma every hour , in many forms , in a city scourged by war .  but a child shot in the face still causes doctors to jol .
 5 things we learned from sioux city debate <sec> newt gingrich : `` i 've said consistently , these are all friends of mine '' .  ron paul goes against the mainstream gop grain regarding the policy toward iran .  michele bachmann has the sharpest attack lines against frontrunner gingrich .  rick perry delivers a forceful performance ; jon huntsman likely aims for new hampshir .
 real set to appoint mourinho as coach <sec> real madrid will appoint jose mourinho as their new coach on monday .  this comes after a compensation package with current club inter milan was agreed .  the portuguese will replace manuel pellegrini , who was sacked by real this wee .
 opinion : my dad gave me life -- twice <sec> karin hehenberger : celebrating father 's day is n't enough to thank her dad for saving her life .  with type 1 diabetes , she needed kidney transplant ; her dad said , `` let 's do it next week '' .  the transplant success inspired her to start a site helping those with chronic ailments connect .  she says many do n't have option she did ; she thanks her dad by living a good , healthy lif .
 hunter : terrorists crossing into u.s. -- but maybe not isis <sec> duncan hunter backtracks on claim that isis-affiliated suspects have crossed into the u.s . .  hunter said `` terrorist turks or terrorist syrians '' have , though , crossed the borde .
 bear chases dog into pennsylvania home , attacks couple <sec> the attack occurred at 3 a.m. monday in rural oliver township , a victim and official say .  a man says the bear attacked him , then his wife , after chasing his dog into his home .  at one point , the bear went outside and sat on the patio ; it remains at large .  the couple have returned home from the hospital , after being treated for various injurie .
 patriots , hernandez battle over evaluations <sec> hernandez attorneys want test results from patriots .  team does n't want to comply with all defense requests .  former patriots tight end is charged in slayings .  judge is hearing matte .
 new graduates face devastation after missouri tornado <sec> a facebook page is set up to help locate missing graduate will norton .  he was one of about 450 seniors to graduate from joplin high school sunday .  the high school principal says the school looks like `` it 's been bombed from the outside in '' .  joplin 's public school district has canceled classes for the rest of the yea .
 fda says residue is frog or toad ; how did it get in pepsi can ? <sec> fred denegri and wife found matter resembling `` pink linguini '' in pepsi can in july .  fda concludes blob is toad or frog `` lacking internal organs , '' not sure how it got there .  fda examined bottling plant in orlando , did not find anything connected to incident .  pepsi says fda 's finding affirms its confidence in integrity of manufacturing syste .
 kirk cameron tells 'today ' he 's not a bully , says he loves 'all people ' <sec> kirk cameron said on the `` today '' show that he 's not guilty of hate speech .  the `` growing pains '' star recently made controversial comments about homosexuality .  cameron : `` i was surprised , frankly , that people were surprised by the things that i 've said .
 suspect in auburn killings turns self in <sec> new : `` you ca n't run but for so long , '' says auburn police chief .  police swarmed a montgomery house , believing a slaying suspect was inside .  they left the scene early tuesday without apprehending him .  3 people , including 2 former football players , were killed in a shooting near auburn universit .
 no pain , please , we 're british <sec> britain 's ian semmons dealt with pain for years and did n't know options were available .  uk doctors are reluctant to prescribe painkillers , especially opiates .  even drugs sold over the counter are restricted in pharmacies there .  but the differences between the united states and uk may be blurrin .
 country profile : mongolia <sec> mongolia has a population of around 3 million people and is three times the size of france .  it is located in northeast asia between china and russia .  the country 's rich natural resources are fueling its economic boo .
 man dies from wounds suffered in hollywood shooting spree <sec> john atterberry died around 5 p.m. monday , a cedars-sinai spokeswoman says .  he was among three wounded during a shooting spree friday in hollywood .  tyler brehm , 26 , went on the sunset boulevard rampage before being fatally sho .
 al libi trial , libya and al qaeda : what you wo n't hear in court <sec> abu anas al libi , seized in tripoli and brought to the u.s. , denies involvement in terrorist bombings of u.s. embassies .  al qaeda has strengthened its position in libya since the overthrow of moammar gadhafi , says nic robertson .  now al qaeda will try to exploit the trial to convince libyans that america is interfering in their countr .
 nypd : 9 arrested , accused of threatening cops <sec> nypd makes two additional arrests in connection with alleged threats .  police have monitored social media for such activity .  this follows the weekend killing of two officers in brookly .
 park breezes to kraft nabisco triumph <sec> inbee park moves to no . .  2 in the world rankings with win at kraft nabisco championship .  the win at mission hill cc the second major triumph of park 's career .  world no . .  1 stacy lewis finished 14 shots behind park .  park 's fellow south korean ryu so-yeon was second on the leaderboar .
 gps hackers blaze trails with crowdsourced maps <sec> about half a million users are embracing crowdsourced versions of digital maps .  openstreetmap offers maps that can be customized and loaded to gps devices .  crowdsourced maps can show hiking trails , whitewater rapids and other features .  developers are creating iphone applications based on these map .
 inside the ebola 'quarantine zone ' <sec> new : world health organization pulls workers from kailahun post in sierra leone .  the world health organization says 120 health care workers have died in the outbreak .  quarantine on west point slum was imposed after rioters looted a treatment center .  the center is slowly being rebuilt , the only refuge for the slum 's frightened resident .
 lochte pips phelps to freestyle title ; french pair share gold <sec> ryan lochte beats michael phelps to claim men 's 200m freestyle title .  american lochte beats olympic champion phelps by three hundredths of a second .  french pair camille lacourt and jeremy stravius share the men 's 100m backstroke gold .  china 's zhao jing wins the women 's 100m backstroke fina .
 they 're watching as guru in sweat lodge case goes free <sec> new age guru james arthur ray leaves arizona prison early .  he was convicted of negligent homicide in sweat lodge deaths in 2009 .  ray ordered more hot rocks even after people collapsed .  families of three victims seek standards for self help industr .
 barkley , spike lee worry about woods <sec> tiger woods should lean on his famous friends , nba legend and filmmaker say .  but woods has changed his number and is n't talking , charles barkley says .  barkley : `` you need to talk to somebody else ... famous who [ has ] been through things '' .  golf star , who acknowledged `` infidelity , '' is taking a break from the spor .
 openly gay youth now welcome in boy scouts of america <sec> bsa made the decision in may .  the resolution took effect with the new year .  it passed with more than 60 % of the votes of national council members .  bas will still ban gay adult scout leader .
 all dreamliner airlines to resume flights <sec> eight airlines operate the dreamliner .  ethiopian airlines resumed services on saturday .  the rescheduling of flights comes after the faa lifted the grounding of the 787 .  boeing is working with the airlines to replace battery system .
 strikes , violent protests hit brazil ahead of world cup <sec> the world cup opens in brazil on june 12 .  some protesters say government should spend more on housing .  other groups taking advantage of event to air their grievance .
 the grand national : do you like death with your sport ? <sec> britain 's most popular sporting event , the grand national , will be run on saturday .  forty horses jump over 30 fences in world 's toughest steeplechase race .  thirty-six horses have died in last 50 years in `` cruel sport '' say animal rights activists .  organizers say it is the greatest challenge for jumps horses , continuing to attract punter .
 rape a child , pay with your life , louisiana argues <sec> supreme court hears arguments wednesday .  only one state is pursuing capital punishment for crime other than murder .  patrick kennedy , 43 , convicted of raping stepdaughter , then 8 .  last execution for rape was in 196 .
 guinea political parties file complaints alleging fraud <sec> both the losing and winning candidates have filed complaints .  eu officials call the guinea election credible and transparent .  defeated guinean party claims that troops repressed citizens .  prime minister claims the opposing party itself is to blam .
 three-time olympian janet evans to seek gold again , at age 40 <sec> janet evans , one of the greatest distance freestyle swimmers , has won four gold medals .  she competed in the 1988 , 1992 and 1996 olympics .  she is known for her `` unorthodox windmill '' stroke .  in late june , she will seek a spot on u.s. team to swim in london games this summe .
 chili peppers add spice to life <sec> an indian woman last week wolfed down 51 `` ghost chilies '' in two minutes .  the ghost chili has 1 million scoville units , the measurement of a chili 's heat .  chilies have also long been recognized for their health benefit .
 street kids in afghanistan : a cnn reporter revisits child beggars <sec> abawi meets banafsha while doing a story about a school for street kids .  banafsha and her sisters beg on the streets for food .  abawi runs into banafsha 's sisters six months later .  banafsha receives some help from a charity , but the family is still strugglin .
 naomi campbell 's friend turns over diamonds to police <sec> supermodel naomi campbell testified thursday at a war crimes trial .  liberian president charles taylor is charged with fueling the war in sierra leone .  he is accused of using so-called blood diamonds to fund the war .  campbell said she gave her friend jeremy ratcliffe the unpolished stone .
 britain 's queen reflects on a year of celebration <sec> the queen 's christmas message calls for service to others .  she mentions her diamond jubilee and the london olympics as highlights of 2012 .  `` this past year has been one of great celebration for many , '' the queen says .  queen elizabeth prays that christ 's example and teaching inspire servic .
 china 's internet firewall censors hong kong protest news <sec> china 's news and social media are stripped of discussions on hong kong protests .  china fears discussion of political rights , dissent and civil disobedience , observers say .  instagram has been blocked since sunday when protests heated u .
 nobel winner harold pinter dies at 78 <sec> harold pinter died on christmas eve , his wife tells british media .  pinter , 78 , had been suffering from cancer .  he won the nobel prize for literature in 200 .
 virus hitting u.s. may be 'tip of iceberg ' <sec> iowa , colorado , missouri and illinois have confirmed ev-d68 cases .  missouri doctor calls situation `` unprecedented '' in terms of kids in intensive care .  about 475 children were recently treated at one kansas city hospital .  enterovirus ev-d68 causes respiratory illnesses like a cold , only wors .
 georgia : nothing illegal in filling dead youth 's body with newspaper <sec> new : the state board says family `` may wish to consult '' a lawyer or court .  filling body with newspaper not `` best practice , '' but not a crime , agency says .  kendrick johnson was found in a rolled-up gym mat at school last year .  family filed complaint after second autopsy revealed son 's body had no organ .
 britain apologizes for playing apartheid-era anthem <sec> south africa 's field hockey team is shocked to hear an old anthem being played .  the song dates from the era of white minority rule before nelson mandela became president .  british hockey apologizes `` unreservedly '' for the mistak .
 chairless chair , an invisible chair that you can wear <sec> the chairless chair is an exoskeleton that locks into place when you sit down .  it allows the user to rest their leg muscles and can improve posture , according to the zurich startup behind the device .  bmw and audi are set to conduct production line trials this yea .
 famu lifts marching band 's suspension <sec> new : late student 's parents criticize the decision .  drum major robert champion died after being beaten in a hazing ritual after a football game .  the school 's famed marching 100 band was suspended after champion 's death .  the school says positive steps have been taken , the suspension is lifte .
 north korea 's leader , presumptive heir , attend huge parade <sec> north korea 's leader kim jong il attends a huge military parade sunday .  kim jong un , who the u.s. believes will replace kim jong il , also attends .  the event features 20,000 military personnel , tanks and missiles .  arirang celeberations mark the creation of north korea 's peoples ' workers part .
 iran 's ahmadinejad slams israel , proposed sanctions <sec> new : draft resolution slapping tighter sanctions on iran circulates at u.n . .  russian pm putin says israel raid on aid flotilla is 'unacceptable ' .  israeli ambassador walks out on ahmadinejad speech .  iranian president says last week 's flotilla raid showed israel 's 'devilish ' natur .
 somalia investigates alleged rape by amisom soldiers <sec> somalia 's prime minister orders an investigation into the alleged rape of a somali woman .  she was allegedly attacked by amisom soldiers at a military base in mogadishu .  `` the somali government will not tolerate violation of human rights , '' prime minister says .  amisom says it is investigating and appropriate action will be take .
 ronaldo sends portugal into euro 2012 semis <sec> cristiano ronaldo scores winner as portugal knock czech republic out of euro 2012 .  ronaldo heads decisive goal after 79 minutes of quarterfinal in warsaw .  portugal spurned numerous chances before eventually taking the lead .  paulo bento 's side will face either france or spain in next week 's semifina .
 one boy 's story shows pain , worry of syrian refugees <sec> cnn producer danielle dellorto spent a week at a syrian refugee camp in lebanon .  7-year-old abdel 's story dramatizes the pain , worry , alienation that refugees face .  abdel left behind comforts of home ; in a 10-by-10 tent , he 's `` the man of the house '' .  he 's painfully thin ; he says his last meal , just rice , was a day ag .
 spaceshiptwo crash investigation may take up to a year <sec> a lever on spaceshiptwo was moved earlier than it should have .  but the ntsb says the cause of the accident is still unclear .  a memorial fund is set up for michael tyner alsbury .  the co-pilot `` is alert and talking with his family and doctors .
 bender double puts bayer leverkusen fifth in bundesliga <sec> bayer leverkusen move up to fifth place in bundesliga with a 2-0 win over cologne .  werder bremen drop to sixth after being beaten 1-0 by nuremberg in late match .  three of the german league 's top four teams will play on sunda .
 new york faces 'massive housing problem ' after sandy , governor says <sec> would-be new york city marathon runners help in recovery efforts .  `` housing is really the no . .  1 concern , '' napolitano says .  cold temperatures heighten health and other concerns in areas still without power .  mayor : up to 40,000 people could need housing in new york cit .
 a refund for my downgraded airline seat ? <sec> a customer purchased a ticket through cheaptickets.com .  she paid for a first-class ticket , but the seats were in economy .  she asked for a refund and disputed the charges with no luck .  troubleshooter contacted cheaptickets and the company refunded the differenc .
 sunny von bulow dies after 28 years in coma <sec> husband claus von bulow was accused of trying to kill her with insulin overdose .  conviction overturned on appeal ; he was acquitted in second trial .  claus von bulow , living in england , is saddened by former wife 's death , lawyer says .  she is survived by three children and nine grandchildre .
 danube : 'blue motorway ' to prosperity ? <sec> romanian president , traian basescu , aims to guide constanta harbor towards a new era of prosperity .  the port is strategically situated on romania 's eastern coast but currently operates at half capacity .  basescu is himself a former oil tanker captai .
 finding humor in 'stuff white people like ' <sec> popular `` stuff white people like '' blog now a book .  blog and book have its fans and detractors .  author says , `` it 's playing off stereotypes .
 intern 's death puts spotlight on banks ' working culture <sec> banking intern moritz erhardt collapsed and died in his short-term residence in east london .  the death of the german business student has called into question the grueling hours worked by interns .  a chat room thread said he had worked three nights until 6 a.m . .  his death comes youth unemployment , those aged 16 to 25 , in 2012 reaches a record 23 % .
 ford model founder eileen ford is dead at 92 <sec> eileen ford died of complications from meningioma and osteoporosis , her daughter says .  she and her husband founded ford models in new york in 1946 .  ford modernized the modeling , leading to the evolution of supermodels .  ford was `` an industry icon and pioneer , '' the company she founded say .
 trial of u.s. hikers in iran to resume <sec> three hikers are being tried for espionage in iran .  one of the hikers has been released on bail and has left the countr .
 justin bieber to be roasted on comedy central <sec> comedy central will roast singer justin bieber on march 7 .  # bieberroast hashtag encourages people to suggest joke .
