 new york homicide rate on pace for record low <sec> murders in new york city were below 600 for five straight years , bloomberg says .  nypd : since 2001 , overall major felony crime decreased 26 percent citywide .  mayor : domestic violence-related murders dropped a record 36 percent this year .  nypd : success due to putting significant numbers of officers in troubled precinct .
 take another look at health care act <sec> aaron e. carroll : idea that gop wants to cut , democrats want to spend is a myth .  carroll says the affordable care act cuts future costs of health care significantly , if not enough .  cuts in medicare spending and oversight of abuses mean substantial savings , he says .  carroll : parts of the act save money and some cost , but overall , it reduces the defici .
 'real housewives ' star kim richards arrested <sec> `` real housewives of beverly hills '' star kim richards was arrested early thursday morning .  beverly hills police say richards would n't leave a hotel when asked and later struck an office .
 a rich night for best picture 'slumdog millionaire ' <sec> `` slumdog millionaire '' wins eight oscars , including best picture and director .  sean penn wins best actor for `` milk '' .  kate winslet wins best actress for `` the reader '' .  heath ledger wins best supporting actor for `` the dark knight .
 panel suggests fixes for death penalty in u.s . <sec> bipartisan group makes recommendations on how to administer death penalty .  report follows botched execution in oklahoma last week .  experts say a single lethal drug should be used instead of `` cocktails '' .  panel also said governments should be more open about the proces .
 zoo solves mystery of celibate polar bears <sec> zoo introduced polar bear cub to its resident bear and waited for sparks to fly .  and it waited and waited : tsuyoshi never made amorous advances toward kurumi .  months later , the zoo makes key discovery : both bears are femal .
 'downton abbey ' finale posts biggest pbs rating in years <sec> 5.4 million viewers tuned into the second season finale .  the `` abbey '' audience has grown 25 % since the first season . .  the show is delivering a much younger audience than the usual masterpiece crow .
 despite obama 's nsa changes , phone records still collected - cnnpolitics.com <sec> house speaker john boehner says any changes ca n't harm national security .  president barack obama issues new guidance for intelligence-gathering .  an advisory panel recommended in december that government better protect civil liberties .  leaks by edward snowden exposed scope of nsa electronic surveillanc .
 china reforms fail to end stocks ' bad run <sec> investors had high hopes when guo shuqing became china 's top securities regulator in october .  there are almost weekly new measures to improve the functioning of the country 's beleaguered market .  still , the shanghai composite index continues its more than two-year slide .  analysts : over long run , guo 's reforms will put chinese market on solid footin .
 report : fbi wanted to fly edward snowden 's father to moscow <sec> edward snowden acted out of patriotism , his father tells the washington post .  report : lon snowden said he did not fly to russia because he doubted he 'd be able to speak to his son .  lon snowden wants his son to stay in moscow for now .  he is 'not confident ' his son would receive a fair trial in the u.s .
 china arrests prominent human rights lawyer <sec> the government accuses pu zhiqiang of `` picking quarrels and creating a disturbance '' .  he was detained in may after attending a seminar marking tiananmen square anniversary .  pu took part in demonstrations in 1989 in the square that ended in a bloody military crackdown .  his work has put him at odds with the ruling communist part .
 no increase in heart attack , stroke risk seen with adhd meds <sec> stimulant medications have all been shown to slightly raise blood pressure and heart rate .  in 2006 , fda ordered stimulant manufacturers to add warnings to their product labels .  but recent large study authors found no increase in heart attack , stroke , or sudden cardiac death rate .
 obamacare ruling paints different picture of health <sec> the controversial individual mandate is deemed constitutional as a tax matter .  americans must have health care coverage -- or face fines .  the ruling will continue to play a role this year 's presidential election .  the law will allow more people access to preventive screenin .
 france shaken by le pen 'earthquake ' <sec> marine le pen 's front national extreme-right party came top in france 's european elections .  this is a historic achievement for the daughter of the party 's founder , writes agnes poirier .  france 's political class , commentators had never thought such thing possible , she writes .  poirier : a collapse of national trust in the traditional right and left parties is reveale .
 22 killed in car bomb at hezbollah stronghold in lebanon <sec> new : hezbollah leader hassan nasrallah is scheduled to address a large rally .  the lebanese army says a car bomb caused the blast .  an unknown group claims responsibility in a youtube video .  the area is a hezbollah stronghol .
 pedrosa seals first motogp win of season as stoner crashes out <sec> dani pedrosa takes his first moto gp win of the season in germany .  defending world champion casey stoner crashes out on final lap .  jorge lorenzo finishes second and leads championship by 14 point .
 mississippi 's only abortion clinic to stay open under restraining order <sec> jackson women 's health organization filed for the action in response to a new state law .  the law requires abortion providers to be ob/gyns and have area hospital privileges .  the order blocks enforcement of the law at least until a hearing scheduled for july 11 .  `` we will speak with our attorneys regarding our game plan , '' legislation 's sponsor say .
 uganda ethnic , political tension erupts in riots , government says <sec> radio broadcasts encouraged violent street action against the government .  government statement describes kampala rioters as `` marauding thugs '' ? .  dozens seek care , many with broken bones , says doctor at kampala hospital .  tension between splintered kingdom and uganda 's president has been on ris .
 fbi to study testimony in fatal cop beating of california homeless man <sec> new : the father of a man beaten by police calls the officers ' acquittals `` unacceptable '' .  the fbi will review evidence used in the trial of two former fullerton police officers .  the fbi began a civil rights investigation in 2011 into a fatal beating of a homeless man .  this week , a jury acquitted the two former police officers in the beating deat .
 kim dotcom on his new file-sharing site , mega <sec> internet tycoon kim dotcom launched a new file-storage and sharing site , mega , on sunday .  authorities shut down dotcom 's previous venture , megaupload.com , amid piracy allegations .  mega offers all-encrypted storage for files that ca n't be opened by anyone -- even the host .  dotcom : `` this startup is probably the most scrutinized by lawyers in the history of tech startups .
 typhoon haiyan death toll jumps to 5,235 in philippines <sec> the death toll rises yet again ; it stood at just over 4,000 on thursday .  23,501 were injured , while 1,613 have been reported missing , a philippines agency report .
 take a peek inside your future home <sec> your house is on the brink of a jetsons-like reality .  `` smart home '' is the next big technology trend .  gadgets popular in asia is on its way to us home .
 opinion : why jolie 's cancer test costs so much <sec> gayle sulik : the test to find if you have brca1 gene mutation that raises cancer risk is costly .  sulik says that 's because myriad genetics owns the brca1 and brca2 genes .  she says myriad has monopoly and aggressively markets often unnecessary test .  supreme court expected to rule next month whether myriad , or any company , can own gene .
 carradine 's body to return home , while questions remain <sec> new : david carradine 's family orders autopsy when body returns to united states .  actor 's family , manager dispute suicide theory .  carradine found hanging by rope in bangkok hotel closet , police say .  he was the star of `` kung fu '' tv series ; also known as `` bill '' in `` kill bill '' film .
 richest 1 % to own more than rest of us combined <sec> overall wealth of the richest 1 % will outpace that of the other 99 % by next year .  `` the scale of global inequality is quite simply staggering , '' oxfam director say .
 pope francis explains name , calls for church 'for the poor ' <sec> new : pope francis will deliver his first angelus blessing on sunday .  francis tells journalists he chose his name as pope to reflect a concern for the poor .  he will meet with pope emeritus benedict xvi in a week , the vatican says .  since his election , he has faced questions over his past in argentin .
 ex-atlanta schools superintendent reports to jail in cheating scandal <sec> beverly hall , the district 's former superintendent , turns herself in .  26 other educators had surrendered to authorities by tuesday night .  some atlanta educators ' bonds were set at $ 1 million .  35 were indicted , accused of cheating on standardized testing dating back to 200 .
 chinese driver to make f1 history at italian gp <sec> ma qing hua to drive hrt in first practice session of italian gp at monza .  qing hua will become the first chinese driver in official f1 competition .  he will take over from india 's narain karthikeyan for the session .  the 24-year-old acquired his fia super license earlier this seaso .
 'race to the top ' winners announced <sec> nine states plus the district of columbia are winners .  each will receive a portion of $ 3.4 billion .  winners had to show they have plans for school reform .
 mrs. lincoln seeks a baby-sitter in newly published letter <sec> mary todd lincoln requests a baby-sitter in the 1864 letter .  she needed someone to watch their 11-year-old son , tad .  the letter is being offered for sale , valued at $ 15,00 .
 5 amazing messages in bottles <sec> writer : some connections give hope that life is more than series of random events .  months after man killed in accident , friends find message that he bottled as a child .  swedish sailor ended up marrying a woman who answered his bottled message .  british girl 's message ended up with child with same name , age and many other similaritie .
 vitamin c can keep you healthy , looking younger <sec> vitamin c helps form collagen , which helps smooth wrinkles .  women taking vitamin c and e can cut their risk of having a stroke .  adding citrus to green tea can increase its immune-boosting power .  pairing vitamin c and e can lessen risk of alzheimer 's by 6 .
 bayer leverkusen close gap on dortmund <sec> bayer leverkusen beat hannover 2-0 in the german bundesliga .  goals from arturo vidal and simon rolfes cut the gap on leaders dortmund to eight points .  leverkusen move five points clear of hannover who stay thir .
 chris pratt to lead 'guardians of the galaxy ' <sec> chris pratt will play the lead character in `` guardians of the galaxy '' .  he 'll portray star lord , the half-human , half-alien leader of a team of space-traveling heroes .  with director james gunn aboard , there 's a chance it could be an outright comed .
 about icon , cnn international 's arts and culture show <sec> icon promises viewers a truly global journey into world of arts and culture .  each month , presenter monita rajpal takes viewers into a different world .  the show covers visual arts , architecture , literature , music , design , fashion and mor .
 new york drops appeal of controversial stop-and-frisk ruling <sec> 90 % of those who were stopped and frisked were innocent , mayor says .  he says city should end policy that ''unfairly targeted young '' african-americans , latinos .  the stop-and-frisk policy has resulted in lawsuits by residents complaining of unlawful stops .  new york city will implement reforms to improve relations between police , communit .
 xbox upgrades aim to be 'future of tv ' <sec> xbox live update promises an all-in-one device for tv viewing .  apps , including content from 40 new partners , will improve tv and video , microsoft says .  xbox 360 's kinect system will let users surf channels through voice control and gestures .  there are 57 million xbox 360s sold and 35 million users connected to xbox liv .
 police describe fierce gun battle with boston marathon bombing suspects <sec> 3 police officers described an intense gun battle with boston marathon bomb suspects .  they said the 2 men shot at them , threw bombs and tried to run them over .  jurors see the boat where dzhokhar tsarnaev hid before his arres .
 north korea diplomacy effort grows , but sides are still far apart <sec> north korea says its nuclear and ballistic missile programs are non-negotiable .  the u.s. and south korea say a way to dismantle those programs must be on the table .  south koreans may want nuclear weapons of their own , an idea that rankles china .  china 's top priority is keeping kim jong un 's regime from collaps .
 'the voice ' crowns its winner <sec> `` the voice '' crowned its season five winner on tuesday .  jamaican singer tessanne chin triumphed .  she was mentored by coach adam levine .  levine 's win ended blake shelton 's winning strea .
 ef5 tornadoes are terrifying perfect storms <sec> officials give the oklahoma tornado a preliminary ef5 rating .  storm 's winds topped 200 mph as it carved a 17-mile path of destruction .  tornado spanned 1.3 miles .  cnn senior meteorologist : `` it 's safe to say this is one of the strongest tornadoes .
 student survivors of sewol ferry disaster testify at south korea murder trial <sec> at least 294 people died when the sewol ferry capsized off south korea 's coast on april 16 .  many of the victims were high school students from the town of ansan on a field trip .  the sewol 's captain and three crew members are on trial on murder charges , which they deny .  students began testifying in the trial at a hearing in their hometown monda .
 woman carries wounded pit bull down mountain <sec> pit bull with bullet wounds abandoned on mountain trail .  andi davis discovers the dog while hiking .  davis carries the 47-pound dog half a mil .
 pakistan market attack kills 13 near army headquarters in rawalpindi <sec> new : the death toll rises to 13 , including one child , police say .  the pakistani taliban claim responsibility for the attack .  the explosion hits a highly sensitive military area near the army 's general headquarters .  it comes the day after an attack on an army checkpoint killed at least 22 peopl .
 fliers stung by charges for window and aisle seats <sec> a number of u.s. airlines now charge extra for passengers to reserve a window or aisle seat .  passengers reporting difficulties traveling in groups as end-of-row seats are already booked .  fees are being introduced as airlines try to generate extra streams of revenu .
 your first look at 'the michael j . fox show ' <sec> michael j . .  fox stars as a news anchor with parkinson 's in his new show .  in new preview clip , we see fox finding humor in his condition .  the show also stars anne heche as fox 's nemesi .
 conservatives taken aback by palin 's decision to resign <sec> alaska gov . .  sarah palin 's fellow conservatives question decision to resign .  columnist george will says palin is declaring herself a quitter .  some analysts believe move intended to free her to prepare for presidential run .  palin : once i decided not to run for another term , i did n't want to be lame duc .
 opinion : together , we can solve the water crisis <sec> matt damon , gary white : millions die each year from lack of safe water and sanitation .  damon , white : with watercredit program , we could help end the global water crisis .  they say clean water access improve productivity , restore dignity and transform lives .  damon , white : we hope more people will get involved with this big but solvable crisi .
 former finland leader wins nobel peace prize <sec> committee cited ahtisaari 's `` significant '' part in namibia 's independence .  worked with others this year to find a peaceful solution in iraq .  helped broker a deal in troubled indonesian province of aceh in 2005 .  ahtisaari left office in march 200 .
 akai gurley case : manslaughter charge for nypd officer <sec> akai gurley was taking the unlit stairs at a housing complex when he shot in the chest .  prosecutors charged the officer involved with second-degree manslaughter , other counts .  district attorney says he believes shooting not intentional , but innocent man was kille .
 former guantanamo detainees sent to kuwait , belgium <sec> more than 550 guantanamo detainees have been transferred to 32 countries .  more than 220 detainees remain at guantanamo .  no facility in united states to house guantanamo detainees .  president 's january deadline for closing guantanamo will likely have to be delaye .
 zebras , rhinos and close encounters of a zambian kind <sec> cnn 's errol barnett has a close encounter with a bull elephant in zambia .  mosi-oa-tunya national park is a unesco world heritage site .  breeding program aims to increase numbers of white rhinos .  zambians proud that their country is a tourist destinatio .
 robert plant , alison krauss find harmony <sec> robert plant , alison krauss collaborated on `` raising sand '' .  duo confesses they were nervous working together , but it worked .  album won album of the year at grammys .  plant on led zeppelin reunion : 2007 show was `` emotional , '' but that 's probably i .
 africa cup of nations : asamoah gyan nets late ghana winner against algeria <sec> ghana beats algeria 1-0 with last-minute winner from asamoah gyan .  gyan was back in the ghana team after recovering from bout of malaria .  win keeps black stars hopes of first afcon triumph in 33 years alive .  senegal draws 1-1 with south africa to move top of group .
 judges allow genocide charge against sudanese leader <sec> icc judges rule sudanese president omar al-bashir can be charged with genocide .  charges would relate to his role in a five-year campaign of violence in darfur .  bashir already facing charges of war crimes and crimes against humanit .
 covering a cruise ship disaster <sec> writer on seeing concordia : it looked like an apartment block lying in the sea .  cnn documentary digs into why the ship capsized january 13 and the chaos on board the cruise ship .  the documentary examines questions about the cruise industry as a whol .
 cyprus gets $ 13 billion bailout , must crack down on banking <sec> eurozone , imf officials agree to cyprus bail out .  the small island 's financial sector brought down the economy .  money laundering must stop ; the banking system must be privatized and downsized .  at least 35 banks from around the world have branches ther .
 how to pick the right greek island for you <sec> greece 's islands offer beaches , history , walking , cycling , water sports and festivals .  crete , lipsi , kefallonia , skiathos and mykonos have the best beaches .  dive and snorkel off the coasts of karpathos , milos , paros and kastelloriz .
 dutch hit six in final euro 2012 warmup <sec> netherlands crush northern ireland 6-0 in final euro 2012 warmup match .  portugal lose at home to turkey while england suffer more injury problems .  uruguay held by venezuela in south american world cup qualifying match .  cameroon and ivory coast win as african qualifiers start for brazil 201 .
 tribal fighters clash with iraqi army amid rising tensions <sec> new : a curfew will be imposed in anbar province overnight , state-run iraqiya tv reports .  iraqi security forces raided a farm in ramadi belonging to a sunni tribal leader , he says .  dozens of anbar tribal fighters are surrounding iraqi army hq in ramadi , police officials say .  tensions between iraq 's sunnis and shiites have grown in recent month .
 biden 's 'shot-gun ' remarks spur social media flurry <sec> biden 's comments were meant to underscore the position that shotguns were sufficient for defense .  `` so when the cops come to arrest me for shooting off the porch , i can tell 'em joe said it 's ok , '' wrote one online user .  the obama administration has been pressing for gun reforms since the massacre in newtow .
 rebuilding after irene : thanksgiving in prattsville <sec> the small town of prattsville in upstate new york was ravaged by irene .  on thursday , residents -- many still displaced -- will gather for thanksgiving .  `` we are coming back to life , little by little , '' says prattsville resident ken aurigem .
 cnn poll : nearly 80 % of americans believe no one survived flight 370 <sec> nearly 80 % of respondents think there are no survivors in flight 370 disappearance .  most americans believe the search should continue , but half think search is in the wrong place .  more than half of americans believe the public will find out what occurred .  cnn/orc international poll based on interviews with 1,008 adults from may 2 through may .
 mamma mia ! did putin boogie to abba tribute band ? <sec> russian prime minister vladimir putin has revealed a love for abba 's hits .  abba tribute band founder says he flew group to russia for private concert .  rod stephen says there were only eight people in the audienc .
