 beatles ' protégé jackie lomax dead at 69 <sec> `` jackie lomax is a singer of energy and passion , '' his 1969 album notes said .  lomax played in early 1960s rock groups , crossing the path of the beatles in pubs .  the beatles ' apple records signed lomax as a songwriter and artist .  he never produced hits despite having three beatles recording with hi .
 ethiopia mourns prime minister at state funeral <sec> african heads of state and foreign envoys attend the ceremony .  he is the first leader honored with a state funeral in the nation since 1930 .  ethiopians flood the streets , some in tears , as they clutch posters with his pictur .
 christian bale wo n't play steve jobs <sec> hollywood reporter : christian bale declines role of steve jobs .  film about apple co-founder 's life has been in works for two years .  movie is written by aaron sorkin , to be directed by danny boyl .
 american airlines grounds flights nationwide due to glitch <sec> new : american ceo apologizes , says the glitch affected the backup system , too .  nationwide move is very unusual for a major u.s. airline , big delays .  grounding also impacted american 's regional partner , american eagle .  new : american said it saw no link between its problems and events in bosto .
 mccarthy : gop congress leads to gop president <sec> mccarthy said gop needs to capture congress and govern effectively for a shot at 2016 .  obama executive action on immigration reform would kill chances at immigration overhaul .  on biden ? .  mccarthy says the vp is more effective in 36 hours than obama is in three month .
 pilot landed in hudson to avoid 'catastrophic consequences ' <sec> new : crews hoist us airways flight 1549 from icy hudson river .  pilot said aircraft was flying `` too low , too slow '' to risk returning to airport .  plane in air less than 90 seconds when collision occurred .  one engine in river , one still attached , investigators sa .
 7.3-magnitude quake strikes in pacific , near fiji islands <sec> the u.s. geological survey says its depth was 626 kilometers , or 390 miles .  the pacific tsunami warning center says a `` destructive tsunami was not generated '' .  the quake 's epicenter was estimated as 74 miles south-southwest of fiji 's ndoi islan .
 yachting : no sport for the faint-hearted <sec> volvo ocean race begins in alicantes , spain in october .  sailors have died in yacht races as recently as september of this year .  the 1979 fastnet yacht race saw 15 people die in huge storm .
 kosovo gypsies living in 'toxic ' camps <sec> american paul polansky investigated treatment of gypsy refugees of the kosovo war .  polansky found hundreds of tents placed on 'toxic wastelands ' .  polansky says high levels of lead poisoning were found in the camp .
 public service marks mandela 's birthday <sec> new : family to celebrate his birthday with a champagne toast .  the frail anti-apartheid icon has not appeared in public for years .  however , he is celebrated worldwide especially on his birthday .  the united nations designated july 18 as international mandela day three years ag .
 wikileaks : u.s. ambassador on mugabe , 'the end is nigh ' <sec> wikileaks releases 2007 cable from outgoing u.s. ambassador to zimbabwe .  christopher w. dell likens president robert mugabe to a bully , predicts change .  dell was n't optimistic about morgan tsvangirai and other leadership options .  inflation and turmoil have plagued the southern african nation for decade .
 clinton promises solidarity , supplies for quake-damaged chile <sec> hillary clinton brings satellite phones on visit to chile , promises mobile field hospital .  u.s. secretary of state meets with chilean officials three days after massive earthquake .  clinton 's trip , planned before the quake , includes five other latin american countrie .
 cadaver dog indicates 'hit ' in home of missing missouri girl <sec> new : parents `` refuse to believe anything except that she is ... alive , '' attorney says .  `` baby lisa '' is said to have been seen last on october 3 .  police have searched the kansas city home where she lives .  they took clothing , blankets and rolls of tap .
 'arrested development ' gets new season , says producer <sec> fan favorite series `` arrested development '' to return for a fifth season , according to producer .  brian grazer claimed the show would be back in a podcast .  netflix is not commentin .
 mom dies , gives birth , then is revived -- and they 're both fine <sec> teacher erica nigrelli passed out in a classroom ; teachers did cpr , used a defibrillator .  nigrelli 's heart had stopped , and doctors delivered her baby by c-section .  doctors then revived nigrelli ; later she learned she had a heart condition .  today , baby and mother are well ; couple credits quick-acting teacher .
 brit singer adele to undergo throat-related surgery <sec> adele , 23 , will have throat-related surgery .  she 's canceling her remaining live appearances for the year .  a full recovery is expecte .
 ohio state powers past oregon to win college football playoff championship <sec> ohio state held heisman trophy winner marcus mariota to just two td passes .  the buckeyes had a balanced offense led by running back ezekiel elliott , who scored four touchdown .
 huge diamond hailed as record breaker <sec> diamond could yield one of the largest and highest quality round polished stones .  478-carat stone determined it to be of the highest color grading available .  diamond found in letseng mine , in lesoth .
 why britain needs another thatcher <sec> thatcher was a giant in british politics , in large part due to her revolutionary approach to the economy .  thatcher changed britain 's whole approach to the economy and business .  thatcher was a politician of enormous skill and , above all else , conviction .  lea argues we need a new thatcher with the vision to correct the country 's problem .
 florida teenager found guilty in setting boy on fire <sec> matthew bent was convicted of aggravated battery .  he and two other teens were accused of setting michael brewer on fire in 2009 .  brewer suffered burns over 65 % of his body and was hospitalized for more than two month .
 second coaster closed in texas amid probe ; details emerge on death <sec> new : details emerge on how woman died last week on texas giant roller coaster .  new : woman , 52 , was ejected , fell 75 feet , hit metal beam , landed on tunnel roof .  the iron rattler at six flags fiesta texas in san antonio temporarily closes .  the shuttering is precautionary ; no injuries have occurred on the iron rattle .
 asperger 's : my life as an earthbound alien <sec> woman says asperger 's syndrome diagnosis at 48 helped explain `` otherness '' .  people with asperger 's are often ultra-focused on sometimes obscure topics .  with intensified senses she 's ultra-attuned to lights , noise , textures , and smells .  asperger 's syndrome is one of the autism spectrum disorder .
 skydiving instructor dies , student critically injured in mississippi <sec> the body of james `` jimmie '' horak jr. was found in heavy mud in a swampy , wooded area .  his student was found in critical condition and was airlifted to a hospital .  company owner : horak apparently cut away his main parachute and deployed a backup .  sheriff : other jumpers noticed some kind of equipment troubl .
 tensions easing in the south china sea ? <sec> china agrees formal talks with asean countries over code of conduct .  move could ease maritime tensions in south china sea .  but analysts warn there is no quick fix to the dispute .  they add china is likely to drag feet in negotiation .
 man city take control of epl title race <sec> edin dzeko scores twice as man city beat everton 3-2 .  city go top of epl with two to play .  cardiff and fulham relegated .  sunderland beat manchester united at old trafford 1- .
 the 'hallelujah moment ' behind the invention of the post-it note <sec> more than 50 billion of 3m 's post-it notes are sold every year .  hit product reached market 12 years after it was invented .  3m employee , art fry realized potential of post-it notes in church .  once the product was released in 1980 , it spread `` like a virus , '' he recall .
 attackers defeated in mall siege , kenya 's president says <sec> new : official : an unidentified woman appears to be among the attackers .  kenya `` bloodied but unbowed '' after terror attack , president says .  uhuru kenyatta promises `` full accountability '' for perpetrators and their backers .  six security officers , at least five terrorists and at least 61 civilians dead , he say .
 china : reports of bird flu in humans reach 60 <sec> new : 13 dead from a total of 60 cases of bird flu in china , authorities say .  the virus is normally found in birds .  h7n9 was never known to infect people until last month .  cases of the virus have now spread to central and northern chin .
 nation torn on returning ebola workers <sec> nation struggles with how to handle workers returning from africa 's ebola zone .  some states are ordering 21-day quarantines for any returning workers .  obama and cdc discourage quarantines , seek to allay fears .  at stake is the fight against ebola itself , advocates sa .
 edward kennedy , michelle obama draw tears and cheers <sec> michelle obama makes case for husband , closing convention 's first night .  sen. kennedy addresses convention less than 3 months after brain surgery .  barack obama appears only briefly via satellite from kansas city .  hillary clinton to headline convention 's second nigh .
 italian news agency says naples killer has been identified <sec> surveillance video shows man shooting another man outside a store in naples , italy .  police released the video in hopes it would lead someone to come forward .  release of the video provided clues , police say ; source says killer is a man from naples .  third man in video was thought to be accomplice , but he tells newspaper he was n't involve .
 candidate sends stinky message <sec> candidate says stinky mail is referring to problems in new york politics .  smelly mail was sent to a few thousand new yorker .
 dutch fighter jets intercept 2 russian bombers in their airspace <sec> dutch spokesman : 2 russian bombers enter dutch airspace by a half mile .  2 f-16 dutch fighter jets intercept the russian planes , escort them away .  british military jets later become involved ; action is called `` not unusual '' .  but it comes amid heightened tensions between russia and nat .
 queen elizabeth ii : what would you buy her ? <sec> list of gifts received by royal family in 2014 released .  queen given mostly 'horsey ' presents from world leaders .  last year 's quirky gifts included a miniature `` game of thrones '' throne .  prince george takes home surfboard , possum skin cloak from antipodean tri .
 recession shakes up child care for families <sec> painful layoff hits young florida nanny -- in her heart and wallet .  experts : middle-class layoffs resulting in out-of-work nannies .  demand down for nannies and up for baby sitters , experts say .  families are sharing services of one nanny to save mone .
 football faces sponsorship cuts head-on <sec> international financial crisis means big sponsors are reviewing their activities .  barclays bank is set to review its sponsorship of the english premier league .  west ham was a high-profile victim of the crisis when it lost short sponsor xl .  sports business experts say that football clubs will survive the financial crisi .
 tsa to allow pocketknives , some sports equipment <sec> the tsa will allow certain knives and sports equipment on planes .  better security , such as reinforced cockpit doors , allow for the change .  a flight attendants ' union says the bans should have remaine .
 joe biden makes colorful joke on being a vp <sec> joe biden quipped that being a vice president is `` a b -- -- '' .  his comment came at a harvard university event .  biden quickly told the crowd he was joking and called taking the job the `` best decision i ever made .
 mexico releases u.s. marine after seven months <sec> new : marine would have won case if it went to judgment , his attorney says .  sgt . .  andrew paul tahmooressi and his mother reunite with `` big smiles '' and long hug .  he was arrested in tijuana , mexico , on march 31 .  tahmooressi served in afghanistan and suffered from ptsd , his mother say .
 44 hurt after rail cars collide in san francisco <sec> conductor miscalculated a turn , police officer says .  no life-threatening injuries reported , muni spokesman says .  collision occurred at west portal station , spokesman says .  service disrupted on k/t , l and m line .
 'the walking dead 's ' zombie apocalypse evolves <sec> glen mazzara is executive producer and showrunner for `` the walking dead '' .  the popular serires returns sunday night for its second season .  mazzara says he is constantly thinking about zombies in his spare time .  he offers insights into how the show comes togethe .
 turkey allows cargo to depart after armenian plane searched <sec> new : prime minister erdogan details cargo taken from plane last week .  a plane headed for aleppo is stopped in the turkish city of erzurum for a cargo inspection .  the action appears to be the enforcement of a new turkish air blockade against syria .  the european union announces 19th round of sanctions against syrian regim .
 mother remembers daughter lost in kentucky plane crash <sec> `` we thought we had so much more time , '' jami smith lane tells cnn .  her 14-year-old daughter was killed in the plane crash that one girl survive .
 u.s. open champion serena williams 'having fun ' after months of 'hell ' <sec> serena williams win her fifth u.s. open women 's singles title .  the world no . .  1 beat second seed victoria azarenka 7-5 6-7 6-1 in new york .  williams had an operation to remove life-threatening blood clots from her lungs in 2011 .  the american has now won 17 grand slam singles title .
 sailing star ben ainslie rescued by sir richard branson <sec> sir ben ainslie is rescued by sir richard branson while sailing on his honeymoon .  ainslie sent out a distress call after his boat 's main sail became tangled .  the four-time olympic gold sailing medalist was sailing in the caribbean .  the staff on branson 's private island helped steer ainslie to shor .
 mental illness in children : where to turn <sec> national institute of mental health : 20 % of u.s. children suffer from a mental disorder .  for families affected by mental illness , there is hope and resources for help .  national alliance on mental illness provides support groups for teens and parent .
 beats music bets on 'living , breathing ' humans <sec> beats music is the latest entry in web music streaming .  service is backed by music-industry heavyweights like iovine , reznor .  service launched tuesday , will cost $ 10 per month with no free optio .
 texas abortion bill a step closer to law <sec> a texas senate committee approves a house bill that restricts abortion .  the bill will move to the full senate floor friday afternoon .  a democratic senator 's filibuster killed the bill in a previous special sessio .
 $ 16m solar boat sails into record books <sec> the `` ms turanor '' is the first solar powered boat to sail around the world .  the circumnavigation took 585 days to complete .  the boat 's top speed is 7.5 knots - about that of an oil tanker .  the `` turanor '' set five guinness world records during its voyag .
 mexico : recounts for more than half the ballot boxes <sec> the political parties will supervise , review and watch over the recount , ife chief says .  the official ballot count began wednesday .  preliminary results give victory to pri 's peña niet .
 world cup : germany defeats france to reach semifinals <sec> germany books place in semifinal of world cup .  mats hummels scored the only goal of the game .  germany reaches fourth consecutive semifinal .  next plays brazil , which beats colombia 2-1 later frida .
 polar bear cub makes public debut <sec> polar bear cub that has captured german hearts makes public debut .  cub bottle-fed by zookeepers after fears mother would eat her .  cub has learnt to use paws and takes to paddling in poo .
 4 hours of fire and chaos : how the benghazi attack unfolded <sec> the attack began after protesters began massing outside the consulate .  a small group of militants opened fire on the complex and gained entry .  the militants set fire to the main building with the u.s. ambassador still inside .  control was regained more than four hours late .
 scotland footballer o'connor arrested in drugs probe <sec> scotland international garry o'connor arrested on suspicion of possessing cocaine .  uk press association report striker was allegedly caught with the drug in edinburgh .  o'connor detained by police but released without charge pending further enquiries .  two other scottish players also allegedly caught with an illegal substanc .
 do you believe in celebrity wardrobe 'malfunction ' ? <sec> anne hathaway had a `` wardrobe malfunction '' at a premiere of `` les misérables '' .  dean obeidallah : are we being played for idiots that these incidents are accidents ? .  he says as long as stars feel the pressure to remain famous , they 'll court attention .  obeidallah : but there are some who do n't resort to these tricks to stay relevan .
 outgoing bp executive blames 'many companies ' for gulf crisis <sec> bp ceo tony hayward : `` many companies '' in energy industry responsible for gulf oil disaster .  bp plans legal action to ensure drilling partners share containment and cleanup costs .  hayward says `` multiple equipment errors and human error '' caused the accident .  `` safety , people and performance have been my watchwords , '' hayward say .
 lawyer in 2007 tb scare sues cdc <sec> andrew speaker , who was diagnosed with tb , files lawsuit against cdc .  speaker says cdc unlawfully released personal information about him .  speaker flew to greece for wedding , triggering international health scare .  speaker claims misinformation harmed reputation , led to end of his marriag .
 kids in ghana get gifts of computers <sec> seth owusu grew up in ghana , where he was inspired by missionaries .  after he moved to the united states , he trained in computers .  owusu runs a charity that takes refurbished computers to his native country .  he and his staff see more interest in education in villages that receive donation .
 syrian opposition strives to get world 's attention in year of carnage <sec> syria 's government blames `` armed terrorist groups '' for ongoing violence .  but syrian opposition , and other nations , say the regime is the aggressor .  activists use videos and interviews to describe what 's happening in syria .  few journalists have gotten inside the country , and some have die .
 'serb and volley ' : serbia 's rise to tennis powerhouse <sec> serbia has produced in recent years a string of tennis superstars .  novak djokovic is currently the world 's number one male tennis player .  the rise of the country 's tennis champions has created a halo effect in serbi .
 with 'timeline ' feature , facebook goes eternal ( or at least tries to ) <sec> mark zuckerberg unveils new profile pages called `` timelines '' .  the aim : for people to document their entire lives on one page .  facebook ceo : `` we wanted to design a place that feels like your home '' .  forbes writer : facebook users should be skeptical of concep .
 jerusalem synagogue attack claims five devoted lives <sec> slain rabbis -- three american and one british -- were devoted to studying jewish text .  druze police officer , who tried to stop attackers , is praised for his bravery .  two palestinian cousins armed with knives and a gun attacked the synagogue tuesda .
 iran soccer chief apologizes for israel greeting <sec> new year 's e-mail to israel was a mistake , iranian officials say .  iran does n't recognize israel .  iran 's soccer federation usually sends greetings to all fifa members except israel .  head of the iranian federation 's foreign relations office resign .
 man gets 14 years in plot against danish newspaper <sec> businessman sentenced to 14 years .  he was convicted of supporting plot , terror group .  the pakistan native was convicted last yea .
