 french flair : victor dubuisson grabs 11 birdies to challenge in dubai <sec> henrik stenson remains in lead in world tour championship in dubai .  on course to become first man to win race to dubai and fedex cup in same season .  frenchman victor dubuisson giving chase one shot back .  ian poulter in third in his pursuit of stenson for top european hono .
 engine malfunction caused plane debris to fall in canada <sec> an air canada flight had to return after takeoff from toronto due to engine failure .  one engine malfunctioned , sending debris out the back , an official says .  the cause of the malfunction will be investigated .  no injuries were reported , but some cars were damage .
 obama , you 've done plenty , so tell us ! ( opinion ) <sec> jay parini : many impressed by obama in 2008 let down . .  what changed about him ? .  he 's done much : brought down unemployment , saved economy , brought health care reform .  but he does n't communicate this . .  why ? .  perhaps he does n't believe in himself , he says .  parini : especially on foreign policy , my hope is he 'll better spell out his hopes for the worl .
 joplin , missouri : an american intersection <sec> joplin is the hub of a four-state region .  trucking is a big industry in the city , which is crossed by major highways .  the region has a lead and zinc mining heritag .
 yemen : houthi rebels seize airport in taiz <sec> the u.n. security council backs yemen 's embattled president .  u.n. envoy says yemen is in a `` rapid downward spiral , '' urges dialogue .  houthi rebels have taken over the taiz airport and set up checkpoints nearb .
 powerful hurricane picks up steam off mexican coast <sec> hurricane emilia has 110 mph sustained winds , having gotten stronger on monday .  it may `` become a major hurricane '' later in the day , the national hurricane center says .  centered 680 miles south of baja california 's southern tip , it 's moving west-northwest .  hurricane daniel is also in the eastern pacific , but it 's not posing any threat to lan .
 2020 olympics : tokyo , madrid , istanbul vie for games golden ticket <sec> istanbul , madrid and tokyo vying for the right to host 2020 olympic games .  international olympic committee to announce the host city on saturday .  tokyo hosted the summer games in 1964 .  istanbul and madrid are bidding to host the event for the first tim .
 do n't post tv , movie spoilers online <sec> do n't spoil tv or movie plot twists online for your friends .  nowadays , fewer and fewer people are catching programs at their air time .  give a `` spoiler alert '' warning at the beginning of any write-ups .  remember that hints are spoilers , to .
 china pays silent tribute to mudslide victims <sec> new : the death toll rises slightly to 1,254 , with 490 missing .  top leaders and rescue workers pause for three minutes to remember victims .  large-scale national displays of mourning are rare in china .  roads have been cleared in zhouqu count .
 ex-soldier in iran 's revolutionary guard writes of life as cia spy <sec> ex-member of iran 's revolutionary guards describes life as a cia spy .  newly published book describes disillusionment after 1979 revolution .  author , whose pen name is reza kahlili , says u.s. has long misperceived iran 's regime .  kahlili says obama administration is naive , predicts iran will attack israe .
 jubilant bayern on brink of bundesliga title as schalke slip up <sec> bayern munich celebrate imminent 22nd german league title after beating bochum .  bavarians three points clear of second-placed schalke ahead of final round of season .  schalke lose 2-0 at home to werder bremen and have hugely inferior goal difference .  bremen move two points clear of fourth-placed bayer leverkusen , who draw with herth .
 my 24 hours with a virtual girlfriend in china <sec> taobao , china 's version of amazon , advertises `` virtual girlfriends '' .  for $ 3 day , you can hire a boyfriend or girlfriend to talk on the phone or chat online .  psychologist says this appeals to men who lack confidence to enter a real-life relationshi .
 is it ok to be naked in front of your kids ? <sec> in `` brutally honest '' video series , kelly wallace tackles provocative parenting questions .  there is no one size fits all answer to whether it 's ok to be naked in front of your kids , parents say .  studies show conflicting findings on the impact of parental nudity on kid .
 seize opportunity for peace in darfur , clooney urges obama <sec> `` this is n't about needing american dollars , '' clooney says of helping darfur .  actor calls for full-time envoy to bring peace for refugees 'hanging on by a thread ' .  of darfur , clooney tells obama and biden `` we have an opportunity here .
 7 teachers kidnapped from pakistan tribal area for anti-polio efforts <sec> new : they were kidnapped for having supported a polio vaccination campaign , official says .  the school is in the volatile tribal khyber agency .  pakistan is the sole country in the world where cases so far this year exceed last year 's tol .
 olympic success boosts tour de france <sec> the 2014 tour de france will start in britain for first time since 2007 .  three stages will be held in britain before competition moves across the channel .  2012 champion bradley wiggins hoping for good start in front of home fans .  remaining stages of tour will be announced in paris on october 2 .
 ground search called off for missing skydiver <sec> crews will continue to search from helicopters , sheriff 's office says .  man disappeared over washington state thursday after leaping from helicopter .  it has been cold in the area , making it unlikely man lived even if he survived jum .
 alternate supply routes could open haiti aid bottleneck <sec> doctors without borders has blamed five deaths on aid delays .  group said air traffic congestion in port-au-prince was costing lives on the ground .  u.s. military obtained landing rights at the dominican republic 's air base at san isidro .  canadian troops working to open up an airfield in southern city of jacmel , hait .
 jim foglesong , famed country music exec , dead at 90 <sec> jim foglesong was executive who helped guide careers of garth brooks , others .  foglesong was nashville legend , heading record labels , producing artists .  executive was also popular professor at vanderbilt for many year .
 unbreakable : wounded warrior jason gibson - cnnpolitics.com <sec> army staff sgt . .  jason gibson will be sitting in the box with first lady michelle obama for tuesday 's state of the union .  since losing both legs , gibson has learned to surf , ski , and raced in four marathons .  gibson also got his pilot license , and he and his wife recently their first child , a daughte .
 opinion : the 'bionic men ' of world war i <sec> thomas schlich : the mutilation of soldiers in wwi led to revolution in prosthetic limbs .  he says engineers create limbs that would let vast crop of amputees into labor force .  germany was at fore , creating prostheses that literally linked the man to his work station .  schlich : some see it as a kind of 'human evolution ; ' it set stage for advanced bionic .
 all 52 passengers rescued from ship trapped in antarctic ice <sec> chief mate : passengers are very happy now to be on the australian icebreaker .  he thanks chinese icebreaker crew whose helicopter ferried 52 to safety .  `` it 's 100 % we 're off ! .  a huge thanks to all , '' a professor on the ship tweets .  22 russian crew members are still on board the trapped ship , the mv akademik shokalski .
 fifa to publish michael garcia report -- with redactions <sec> fifa will publish michael garcia 's report into world cup .  redacted version will be made available to public .  garcia resigned from his role earlier this week .  u.s. lawyer hit out at `` lack of leadership '' from fif .
 dominique strauss-kahn 's lawyers not worried about civil suit <sec> a judge approves dismissal of sexual assault charges against strauss-kahn .  da : prosecutors were `` not persuaded ... that a crime has been committed '' .  diallo 's lawyer says she has been `` crying through the night '' about the decision .  diallo 's lawyer has filed a civil suit against strauss-kah .
 no stopping sebastian vettel in windy texas f1 qualifying <sec> sebastian vettel claims pole position for united states gp .  pips red bull teammate mark webber on final qualifying run in austin .  bidding for eighth straight win of dominant season .  romain grosjean third fastest for lotu .
 michael vick taking construction job after prison , lawyer says <sec> new : agent joe segal expects vick to return to football as soon as september .  new : vick is ready to return to community in `` positive light , '' show remorse .  suspended player is seeking chapter 11 confirmation from virginia judge .  vick will work 40 hours a week for virginia-based w.m . .  jordan , lawyer say .
 massey defends safety record after mine blast <sec> massey board member stan suboleski admits mine had lots of safety citations .  suboleski : federal inspectors found `` no major issues '' with mine just before explosion .  no hazards were found the day of the explosion , he said .  29 miners were killed in april 5 explosio .
 seven arrested in alleged mexican cartel scheme to launder money in horse racing <sec> the brother of a mexican cartel leader is among seven people arrested .  the leader of los zetas cartel and six others indicted are still at large .  los zetas allegedly used fronts to hide horse ownership .  at least a couple of the cartel 's horses were winners at the trac .
 twin bombings rock mosques in tripoli , lebanon <sec> at least 27 dead , 600 wounded in blasts , official says .  pm designate says `` the situation in lebanon reached a very critical stage '' .  acting prime minister , u.s. embassy in beirut call for calm .  the explosions struck friday near two mosque .
 opinion : are banks too big to jail ? <sec> authors : federal prosecutors declined to indict hsbc for wrongdoing a year ago .  they say eric holder has signaled concern about effects if a large bank were charged .  we ca n't have one law for small companies and another for big ones , they say .  authors : justice department owes public an explanation of `` too big to jail '' standard .
 deaths continue to mount in misrata <sec> new : loud explosions are heard in tripoli on monday .  a misrata doctor says 16 people were killed and 71 wounded sunday .  a witness says pro-gadhafi forces extensively shelled misrata .  the doctor says nato jets started firing on misrata early monda .
 high resolution image hints at 'mona lisa 's ' eyebrows <sec> scan yields a reproduction of the 'mona lisa 's ' face magnified 24 times .  image reveals a single brushstroke of a single hair above the left brow .  engineer suggests faded pigment could explain lack of lashes and brows .  a poor attempt to clean the painting could also have erased the feature .
 the hug shared around the world <sec> sgt . .  bret barnum says he approached boy `` not as a police officer '' but as a human .  photographer captures hug between black boy and white cop at oregon rally for ferguson .  the boy , devonte hart , was holding a sign offering free hug .
 national spelling bee adds vocabulary challenge <sec> scripps national spelling bee adds evaluation of vocabulary to competition .  bee 's director : spelling and vocabulary are `` two sides of the same coin '' .  bee : vocabulary evaluation will count for 50 % of a speller 's overall scor .
 apple ruling will hurt - but not for long <sec> in the short term , the california verdict could raise smartphone prices and development time .  android phone makers will scramble to steer clear of potential patent infringements .  manufacturers will be thinking outside of the `` rectangular slab form-factor '' box .  as manufacturers diversify , microsoft might finally have its day in the mobile su .
 surge in fighting threatens yemen 's survival <sec> houthi rebels battle al qaeda-linked group for territory in yemen .  houthis took over some ministries in sanaa last month , demanding role in government .  analyst says yemeni state is collapsing and militia forces are taking contro .
 sochi 2014 : not your average olympians <sec> eight of the 12 new events at the sochi olympics have their origins in extreme sports .  incredible tricks , style and a relaxed atmosphere are a big part of these competitions .  but the seriousness of the games seems a culture shock to these new olympian .
 trouble brewing ? ireporters talk starbucks <sec> the starbucks coffee chain announced tuesday it will shutter 600 stores .  cnn readers respond to the news , exchange divided opinions of the coffee giant .  ireporter flashbauer58 says as gas prices climb , pricey drink purchases will fall .  ireport.com : love starbucks ? .  what about the chain ? .  share your opinio .
 2011 's most overused resume buzzwords <sec> `` creative '' is most common buzzword in analysis of 135 million linkedin profiles .  repeat offenders from last year 's top 10 list include `` innovative '' and `` motivated '' .  banish buzzwords from lexicon and give concrete examples where possible , author says .  `` use language that illustrates your unique professional accomplishments , '' she say .
 obama should heed the lessons of vietnam <sec> zelizer : some vietnam-afghanistan comparisons have merit .  it is impossible to ignore the challenges obama faces in afghanistan , he says .  zelizer : obama should use lessons of vietnam as a guid .
 ambassador stevens was a man who built bridges <sec> judith drotar knew christopher stevens when she worked at american school of tripoli .  she says he was kind , smart , approachable and had passion for helping u.s.-libya relations .  she says they met when he was deputy chief of mission ; he helped her establish the school .  drotar : he had rare talent for listening , building bridges . .  his killing a profound los .
 opinion : 3 ways to relieve our tax hangovers <sec> edward kleinbard : tax day is over , but many americans are still suffering from tax hangovers .  kleinbard : why do we feel tax pain when our tax burdens are so low ? .  he says there are three reasons , including the corrosive effect of `` tax expenditures '' .  kleinbard : one way to lessen pain is to re-examine tax expenditures in our tax cod .
 larry wilmore of 'daily show ' to succeed colbert with 'minority report ' <sec> larry wilmore will take over stephen colbert 's time slot on comedy central .  wilmore is known as the `` senior black correspondent '' on `` the daily show '' .  wilmore will bring cable news panel style satire to `` the minority report .
 apple leaks new ipad details <sec> images showing the names and design of upgraded ipads leaked early on itunes .  apple is hosting a press event at its cupertino , california , headquarters on thursday .  the company is also expected to discuss new macs , apple pay and os x yosemit .
 do n't get scammed by fake health plans <sec> between 2 and 4 million people have purchased health care discount cards .  cards promise discounts at hospitals and doctors ' offices .  some card companies scam consumers : discounts do n't exist .  ftc , eight states have taken action against health card scam .
 archaeologists discover tomb of unknown egyptian queen <sec> a team of archaeologists uncovered the tomb of a previously unknown queen .  the tomb is believed to belong to the wife of pharaoh neferefre .  the discovery was made in a necropolis southwest of cair .
 5 ways to keep your phone charged in a power outage <sec> as winter storms approach , be mindful of charging your mobile devices .  fully charged laptops can be backup power sources .  battery- or solar-powered chargers will keep you going in a pinch .  turn off wi-fi and background apps to extend smartphone battery lif .
 77-year-old man charged in four slayings dating to 1977 <sec> joseph naso is accused of killing four women in california .  authorities say he will be arraigned on wednesday .  two bodies were found in the 1970s and two in the 1990 .
 cruise ship investigation under way <sec> investigation began sunday , right after the fire was reported .  tugboats move triumph to shipyard for repairs .  passengers begin final trips home , happy for showers and toilets .  most passengers praise crew for their effort .
 some fear u.s. nuclear agency is playing 'regulatory roulette ' <sec> a leak of radioactive tritium from a nuclear plant in new jersey drew no federal sanctions .  an nrc official concedes the agency has been inconsistent .  critic : `` the nrc ca n't have a 'wheel of misfortune ' that decides when it acts .
 hyperinflation forces zimbabwe to print $ 200 million notes <sec> price of a loaf of bread jumps to 35 million zimbabwean dollars .  government accuses bank executives of illegal currency trading .  zimbabwe also faces widespread cholera outbreak ; food , power shortages .  president robert mugabe 's policies blamed for economic collaps .
 man behind nsa leaks says he did it to safeguard privacy , liberty - cnnpolitics.com <sec> unclear where snowden will wind up , after leaving hong kong for russia .  edward snowden , 29 , is the source of leaks over an nsa surveillance program .  `` the public needs to decide whether these programs ... are right or wrong , '' he say .
 kenya terror suspect had link to london bomber , uk report says <sec> a british report suggests kenya suspect jermaine grant knew one of the 7/7 bombers .  grant served jail time with jermaine lindsay , who took part in the attack on london , it says .  grant , from britain , is on trial in kenya accused of planning an attack on mombasa .  he 's accused of working alongside lindsay 's widow , samantha lewthwait .
 marathon man isner gains wimbledon revenge ; roddick breezes through <sec> marathon man john isner beats thiemo de bakker 7-6 7-6 in washington .  dutchman de bakker knocked isner out of wimbledon back in june .  andy roddick into third round after beating slovenian qualifier grega zemlja .  fernando verdasco survives a scare to beat german michael berrer in three set .
 obama challenges republicans to work with him , but rubio signals no <sec> new : sen. marco rubio reiterates his party 's criticism of obama in the gop response .  new : analysts say both sides are pushing old arguments , signaling further division .  president obama says of gun violence victims : `` they deserve a vote '' on tougher laws .  obama says after the clearing the `` rubble of crisis , '' the state of the union is stronge .
 former nypd commissioner kerik indicted <sec> bernard kerik faces charges of making false statements to white house officials .  kerik was being vetted for secretary 's seat at homeland security in 2004 .  prosecutors allege kerik concealed about $ 255,000 in apartment renovations .  kerik 's lawyer : another example of `` overzealous pursuit '' by justice departmen .
 nasa : debris is 'closest ' ever to space station <sec> new : the debris comes within 1,100 feet of the space station , nasa said .  new : the source of the object remains a mystery .  russia 's interfax news agency said the `` trash '' came within 820 feet .  the debris was spotted `` too late to make an avoidance maneuver , '' nasa sai .
 5 things to watch in hurricane-wracked campaign <sec> campaign events were largely suspended monday as sandy approached the east coast .  obama : `` i 'm worried about the impact on families and i 'm worried about the impact on our first responders '' .  romney : `` a lot of people are enduring some very difficult times , and our hearts and our prayers go to them '' .  the storm could also affect tv ads , early voting , and polling in some of the battleground state .
 justice official expresses regret for failure to warn on 'gun walking ' <sec> breuer said he learned of `` gun walking '' in 2010 regarding a previous operation .  that operation was known as wide receiver .  later came fast and furious '' again with guns allowed to `` walk '' across the border .  `` i did not draw a connection ... and therefore did not alert others , '' breuer sai .
 by the numbers : fiscal cliff <sec> $ 16.3 trillion -- size of the current national debt .  january 2 , 2013 -- date that automatic tax hikes and spending cuts will take effect , unless a deal is reached .  $ 7 trillion -- amount of tax increases and spending cuts included in the fiscal cliff , spread out over the next 10 years .  49 % and 25 % -- americans surveyed who approve of the way president obama and speaker boehner are handling the fiscal cliff , respectivel .
 why your vote matters <sec> rollins : irish bookies already paid bettors who predicted gop would win house majority .  because so many races are close , this is one election where every vote matters , rollins says .  he says republicans are expected to easily end up with a majority of governors .  if john dingell or barney frank loses , then it 's been a historic election , writes rollin .
 svindal makes skiing history with downhill gold <sec> aksel lund svindal first man to win gold at four successive world championships .  norwegian triumphs in prestigious downhill to reclaim title he also won back in 2007 .  he bounces back from third in super-g , where teammate kjetil jansrud was injured .  italy 's world cup downhill leader dominik paris is second , with david poisson thir .
 letting bygones be bygones , bill clinton stumps for former rival <sec> jerry brown is a democratic gubernatorial nominee for california .  the two have a bitter political history dating to 1992 .  they ran against each other in the democratic presidential primar .
 opinion : how u.s. can get in on mexico 's boom <sec> jason marczak : obama will see a mexico on the rise economically when he visits .  marczak : immigration law needs to address the mexico of today and tomorrow .  immigration reform will open up one of latin america 's fastest-growing economies , he says .  also critical for increasing cross-border trade is improving efficiency at the border , he say .
