 missing louisiana 6-year-old found stabbed in garbage can <sec> new : police make an arrest .  authorities say matthew flugence , 20 , babysat the girl in the past .  ahlittia north was missing since saturday morning .  flugence 's brother is arrested for obstruction of justic .
 olympic journal : 'gay nights ' underground <sec> old dance hall one of few underground gay clubs in shanghai for older generation .  caters for a different generation who enjoy ballroom dancing and drag acts .  homosexuality is not illegal in china , but culturally difficult for older men to come out .  many fear a crackdown on gay clubs in the lead up to the olympic .
 anti-semitism row shines light on fractured french society <sec> french footballer nicolas anelka has caused a storm by using the `` quenelle '' gesture as a goal celebration .  the gesture was created by controversial french comedian dieudonne m'bala m'bala .  the quenelle has been linked to rising anti-semitism in france .  figures from 2012 show a 59 % rise in anti-semitic attack .
 police chief resigns amid uk soccer stadium crush questions <sec> norman bettison says he does not want to be a `` distraction '' to police work .  police officers are being investigated over the 1989 hillsborough stadium disaster .  bettison denies blaming liverpool fans for the tragedy .  96 people died and hundreds were injured in the crush at hillsborough stadiu .
 web mourns jobs ' death , finds inspiration in his life <sec> facebook , twitter , other sites flooded with tributes .  chatter on social networks provided a rare glimpse behind apple 's walls .  jobs ' 2005 commencement speech to stanford was a popular video .  google added `` steve jobs , 1955 - 2011 '' to its search pag .
 clinton likely to release her delegates to obama <sec> sen. hillary clinton to meet her delegates on wednesday , spokesman says .  meeting to happen before vote to seal nomination .  democratic party restores full voting rights to florida , michigan delegates .  florida , michigan had faced sanctions for holding primaries in januar .
 connecting with the viewer : 'romney was able to out obama obama ' <sec> democrat van jones : `` i think [ barack obama ] did not expect [ mitt ] romney to be able to throw that kind of heat . '' .  democrat james carville : `` i just got the sense that the president would have preferred to be somewhere else . '' .  cnn poll : 67 % of registered voters who watched the debate said romney won . .  in the same poll , 25 % said president obama came out on top .
 pensioner gears up for 772nd driving test <sec> 68-year-old south korean woman has signed up to take her 772nd driving test .  she first took the written portion of the exam in april 2005 .  license office estimates she has spent $ 2,888 on test application .
 u.s. airports do n't stack up <sec> president obama called out poor u.s. airport rankings at a press conference tuesday .  u.s. airports did n't rate among the top 25 world airports in a recent global survey .  cincinnati/northern kentucky international airport ranked 30t .
 russian president slams georgia 's 'morons ' <sec> new : pentagon official : little evidence that russian troops leaving georgia .  russia begins georgia troop `` pullback , '' military chief says .  russian tanks pushed through a georgian police road block , witnesses say .  human rights watch : this conflict has been a disaster for civilian .
 best get-fit retreats in and around the u.s . <sec> do sun salutations on the riviera maya or hike the canadian mountains .  surfing combines challenging exercise and exhilarating immersion in nature .  these getaways take the drudgery out of getting fi .
 report : london bombings could not have been prevented <sec> report : police and intelligence services did all they could to trace suspects .  impossible to trace every person connected to the plot , it added .  52 died , 700 people were wounded in july 7 , 2005 bombings .  all four bombers died in the blasts in central londo .
 presidents should share secrets with congress <sec> elizabeth biedell : in major foreign policy decisions , intelligence plays a key role .  presidents get the fullest description of what intelligence agencies know .  failure to share intelligence fully misled the public in advance of iraq war , she says .  biedell : presidents should fully inform congress of relevant intelligenc .
 liverpool 's suarez fined , suspended over racist remarks <sec> suarez 's eight-match ban and fine is suspended pending any appeal .  his club liverpool expresses disappointment with the decision .  uruguay international denies insulting manchester united 's patrice evr .
 guatemalan in atlanta awaits word on possible heart transplant <sec> juan gonzalez hopes to learn friday if he will be added to heart transplant list .  without a transplant , doctors said , he could die in six months . .  heart transplant a possibility now thanks to donations from strangers .  teen traveled alone to georgia to earn money to support his family back hom .
 dutch euthanasia clinic offers mobile service <sec> the netherlands ' first ever euthanasia clinic opens and includes mobile service .  rick santorum claimed dutch physicians euthanize elderly patients against their will .  santorum also said elderly dutch people wear bracelets reading `` do not euthanize me .
 police arrest serial rape suspect in detroit <sec> raynard coleman , 31 , is accused in six assaults in detroit , the police chief says .  coleman targeted females waiting at or walking near bus stops , chief ralph godbee says .  charges against coleman include kidnapping and criminal sexual conduct , official say .
 anatomy of an airport security breach <sec> newark international airport terminal was shut down for two hours following a security breach .  traveler left security checkpoint with bag that had been flagged by tsa screeners .  two days earlier , a security scare was reported at new york laguardia airpor .
 hpv shot found safe , but some experts question its benefits <sec> study says gardasil is safe , although chances of fainting or getting blood clot exist .  critics say gardasil 's maker merck did n't address complexity of vaccine .  vaccine does not protect against all types of hp .
 jane richard , 7 , boston bombing survivor , sings anthem at red sox game <sec> jane richard lost her leg in the boston marathon bombings .  her brother martin , 8 , was killed in the april attacks .  the 7-year-old sang the national anthem at sunday 's red sox gam .
 12 game-changing theme park attractions <sec> it 's a small world is still one of disneyland 's most popular attractions .  blue fire at europa park in germany is the first upside-down roller coaster without a restraint .  pooh 's hunny hunt in tokyo disneyland freed designers from the restrictions of a linear trac .
 finally , apple emojis reflect u.s. diversity ( opinion ) <sec> dean obeidallah : apple 's new emoji lineup is diverse in race , ethnicity and sexual orientation .  it 's just like america , but what took apple so long ? .  obeidallah asks .  he says change may rankle ( or win over ? ) .  conservatives who discriminate against people because of their sexual orientatio .
 chinese dictionary refuses to turn 'comrades ' gay <sec> a popular chinese dictionary has left out the `` gay '' definition of a word used to describe homosexuals .  the term `` tongzhi '' traditionally means comrade but has evolved to refer to gay men and lesbians .  compilers of the dictionary said they did n't want to encourage that use of the word .  activists and linguists are angered at the omission saying it 's not right to leave out a widely-used wor .
 obama , rubio speeches : highs and lows <sec> david gergen : significant moment of diversity in president obama , sen. rubio .  gergen : best of obama was a call for gun control ; the worst was failure to address deficit .  neither one specified how his party would fund or handle certain issues , he says .  gergen : both ignored some deeper , underlying problems such as out-of-wedlock birth .
 end of 'do n't ask , do n't tell ' brings relief , celebration <sec> new : defense , military chiefs say the repeal is about the integrity of the force .  gay activist first lt. josh seefried reveals his orientation , now that he can .  `` do n't ask , do n't tell '' policy ends tuesday .  opponent of the change predicts loyal troops will leave in the futur .
 levinson family wants meeting with fbi chief james comey <sec> former fbi agent robert levinson has been missing since 2007 .  he had been a contract employee for the cia , reports disclosed last week .  his family wants a meeting with fbi director james comey after those reports .  family lawyer says levinson was working for the cia when he disappeare .
 facebook reports 26,000 government requests for user data <sec> facebook 's transparency report shows the number of requests from 71 countries .  the united states requested the largest amount of information .  facebook did not specify which requests were criminal versus for national securit .
 privacy of presidential kids not always respected <sec> there 's an unwritten rule that presidential kids are off-limits .  a gop staffer is resigning after breaking that rule .  commentators and satirists made fun of chelsea clinton .  the bush twins got in hot water over underage drinkin .
 how new airline routes are reshaping the world <sec> emirates , etihad and qatar are expanding into the u.s. marketplace .  some airlines are working hard to block their entrance .  turkish airlines -- one of the fastest growing carriers -- has a massive network in africa .  connecting emerging markets to each other is goal of many mideast airline .
 penn state 's bowl ban lifted by ncaa <sec> penn state received harsh sanctions from the ncaa after an alleged cover-up by officials .  the athletics programs has since been monitored by former sen. george mitchell .  a massive fine remains in place and 13 years of wins remain negated .  penn state says it has worked hard to become stronger after sandusky scanda .
 ryan o'neal : i talk to andy warhol portrait of farrah fawcett <sec> actor ryan o'neal tells a jury he does n't want to lose a portrait of farrah fawcett .  he and the late actress were an on-again , off-again couple for some 30 years .  pop artist andy warhol painted two nearly identical portraits of fawcett .  her alma mater , the university of texas , has one and is suing o'neal for the othe .
 meningitis epidemic strikes nigeria , niger <sec> w.h.o . .  : meningitis killed more than 200 people in the past week in niger and nigeria .  outbreak stretches across african `` meningitis belt , '' at epidemic levels in 76 areas .  vaccine shortage forces an `` effective prevention '' approach .  25,000 suspected cases , 1,500 deaths in the belt in the first 11 weeks of 200 .
 ken cuccinelli on immigration lawsuit : 'take it slow ' - cnnpolitics.com <sec> states ' top gop attorneys are considering lawsuits challenging obama 's immigration overhaul .  texas , oklahoma attorneys general have said they 'll sue , and other states could join them .  virginia 's ken cuccinelli , who challenged obamacare , advised them to `` take it slow .
 commentary : black americans should be masters of our fate <sec> first-time possession of crack carries more severe sentence than powder cocaine .  phillips : disparity does n't prove racism , it was prompted by 1980s crime wave .  one-parent families are responsible for many social ills , he says .  people should try to live virtuous lives and take control of their fate , phillips say .
 first on cnn : holder is n't going anywhere soon - cnnpolitics.com <sec> attorney general eric holder has tangled with republicans , obama advisers .  holder was held in contempt of congress over the `` fast and furious '' gun sting .  after more than four years of battles , holder is getting some gop buy-in to initiatives .  one of holder 's biggest foes in congress remains critical of the attorney genera .
 'i saw hope in their eyes ' : heroes team up for typhoon relief <sec> typhoon haiyan , one of the strongest storms ever recorded , has devastated the philippines .  several cnn heroes are working together to help those affected by the typhoon .  doc hendley flew in from north carolina with hundreds of water filters .  others are raising money and donating relief supplies of their ow .
 oprah coupon craze leaves kfc customers hungry for more <sec> frenzy for new kfc grilled chicken sparked after oprah winfrey offer .  customers could get coupon for free , four-piece meal .  failure to meet demand results in apology from kf .
 should pro gamers be considered athletes ? <sec> cnn story on pro gaming and addiction stirs conversation .  commenters compare pro video gamers to athletes and olympians .  `` would you claim that phelps is addicted to swimming ? '' .  one commenter asked .  the comments follow a story about marineking , one of the best `` starcraft ii '' player .
 north korea 's cult of personality surrounds kim <sec> north korea 's kim jong un is the third generation of a powerful dynasty .  beyond war rhetoric are realities of an impoverished , paranoid country .  country is largely sealed off from the outside world .  aid groups describe starvation , as billions of dollars are spent on weapon .
 this 'eco-stove ' does more than cook your dinner <sec> access to electricity across uganda is fairly limited or not accessible .  combined with lack of firewood and expensive gas prices , many homes are struggling with energy resources .  rose twine founded kampala-based business , eco stoves , a heating appliance using volcanic rock and solar power .  the oven also doubles as an alternative energy source and can power radios , charge phone .
 dubai : helicopter hits oil platform , 7 dead <sec> helicopter crashes into an oil drilling platform off dubai , killing seven people .  victims were : american , british , indian , pakistani , filipino and venezuelan .  bell 212 helicopter crashed on the deck of the oil ri .
 the best goalkeepers of all time <sec> edwin van der sar claims british record for minutes without conceding a goal .  cnn picks 11 of the top goalkeepers of all time .  share your thoughts on who should in and who should be ou .
 commentary : kirsten gillibrand is a star <sec> paul begala : kirsten gillibrand is a democratic star in republican upstate area .  upstate residents say gillibrand shares their values , protects region , begala says .  begala : gillibrand is part of the next generation of women political comers .  he says he thinks we 'll see a woman president sooner than many suspec .
 analysis : where are the jobs bills ? <sec> democrats and republicans blame each other for congress 's failure to pass a new jobs bill .  congress is unlikely to take further legislative action after passing the transportation bill .  congress is stymied by deep ideological divisions and election year pressure .
 cnn 10 : visionary women talk mentorship and gender stereotypes <sec> the cnn 10 : visionary women showcases 10 women helping other women and girls .  five of the women joined a google hangout on the future of women and work .  women mentoring other women is key for empowerment , the women say .  `` risk-taking and feminine ... not mutually exclusive , '' said one of the wome .
 china : 9 terror suspects killed in xinjiang region <sec> xinjiang region has history of friction between han chinese and uyghurs , a muslim people .  china has blamed recent spate of attacks in xinjiang on separatists .  uyghurs complain of discrimination and harsh treatment by security forces in xinjian .
 a life animated by conscience , not power <sec> death of iranian spiritual leader is a blow to iran 's reform movement , says nader hashemi .  he says ayatollah montazeri stood up for the rights of protesters .  montazeri helped pave the way for islamic republic but turned against it , hashemi says .  he says montazeri apologized for seizure of u.s. embassy and defended the persecuted baha'i .
 blast in yemen damages pipeline operated by korean firm <sec> the incident occurred in shabwa province .  anwar al-awlaki is believed to be in the regio .
 officials : suspected u.s. drone attack kills 23 in pakistan <sec> suspected drone attack is in volatile north waziristan .  there have been 32 suspected drone strikes in 201 .
 billy joel , wife separating <sec> billy joel separating from wife of almost five years , katie lee joel .  `` this decision is a result of much thoughtful consideration , '' said joint statement .  marriage was billy joel 's thir .
 opinion : why is the pope going to south korea ? <sec> pope is to celebrate sixth asian youth day and beatify 124 martyrs of korea .  asia that has the greatest potential for the growth of catholicism .  korean catholicism has history of surviving persecutio .
 winner declared in rematch of marathon spelling bee <sec> seventh grader kush sharma wins kansas city spelling bee with the word `` definition '' .  two weeks ago , he and fifth grader sophia hoffman had exhausted all the words on the list .  sophia went out on the word `` stifling '' .  `` this is not the last we are going to see of sophia , '' spelling bee official say .
 myanmar junta tries suu kyi and her u.s. visitor <sec> myanmar opposition leader aung san suu kyi on trial with u.s. man .  john yettaw is charged with trespassing into restrictive area .  suu kyi 's supporters call charges an excuse to extend her house arrest .  the nobel peace prize laureate was scheduled to end 13 years of house arres .
 inquiry ordered in february deaths of afghan civilians <sec> nato : acknowledges killing 5 civilians in nighttime february raid .  at time , nato said deaths had earmarks of honor killing .  three women , two men were found killed in compound in village of khatabeh .  civilian casualties have strained afghan relations with western nation .
 florida man tries trading gator for beer <sec> man traps small alligator in florida park , tries to exchange it for beer .  the alligator was unharmed and returned to the wild by wildlife officials .  man faces up to six months in prison and a $ 500 fin .
 robert duvall : francis ford coppola made my career <sec> actor robert duvall first worked with francis ford coppola 40 years ago .  he starred in oscar-winners `` the godfather , '' and `` the godfather : part ii '' .  immortalized `` i love the smell of napalm in the morning in `` apocalypse now '' .  duvall on coppola : `` a talented maniac . .  no , not a maniac , a talented , driven guy .
 police : identity thief who conned way into ivy league arrested <sec> police : esther reed went missing the same time that brooke henson did .  reed assumed henson 's identity , took sat and ged in her name , police say .  police believe henson was killed but say reed was not involved .  columbia university and harvard confirmed that a brooke hanson was enrolle .
 frustration at sea in search for crashed airasia jet <sec> paula hancocks heads out to the search zone off west borneo in rough seas looking for any debris or remains of airasia flight qz8501 .  this particular ship is also delivering equipment to help to locate the crashed airliner 's flight data recorder .  rough sea conditions in the java sea have hampered the search , frustrating search crew .
 chicago sets snowfall record as mid-atlantic braces <sec> new : more than 1,000 wednesday flights canceled .  chicago sets snowfall record for the day .  wednesday will be crunch day for mid-atlantic .  heavy snow possible in upper elevations in virginia , maryland , west virgini .
 accused arizona mom weeps inside mexican jail <sec> an arizona mom accused of drug smuggling says she is innocent .  daughter to mexican officials : `` please do your part and really investigate '' .  a mexican judge is weighing the case against the mormon mother of seven .  maldonado was on her way back from a funeral when authorities arrested he .
 fitbit recalls activity tracker due to skin rashes <sec> fitbit is voluntarily recalling its fitbit force activity tracking wristbands .  some users reported itchy , irritated skin from wearing the devices .  the company says the contact dermatitis is likely caused by nickle , adhesives or other material .
 isis getting social media megaphone ( opinion ) <sec> isis and other terrorist groups have been active on social media .  ted poe : terrorist gave up right to free speech when they killed innocent civilian .
 the top 10 video games of the past decade <sec> `` halo , '' `` god of war '' on our list of 10 of the decade 's best and most influential games .  the modern era 's most acclaimed titles would n't be here today without these games .  each game is worth dusting off and replaying as a reminder of how far we 've com .
 yahoo is getting a new logo <sec> yahoo will unveil a new corporate logo september 4 .  the new look will retain the purple color and , yes , the exclamation point .  yahoo will display a different variation of the logo for each of the next 30 day .
