 chicago : tracing modern architecture <sec> the chicago architecture foundation conducts more than 70 different tours .  some of america 's most influential architects worked in the windy city .  chicago 's reputation for world-class architecture took root in the 1880 .
 talent show star susan boyle to sing for pope <sec> new : boyle plans to sing her signature tune , `` i dreamed a dream '' .  new : she will also perform with the 800-strong choir .  the catholic church in scotland says boyle will perform next month .  the pope plans to visit england and scotland from september 16-1 .
 popular female pakistani singer killed in drive-by shooting <sec> ghazala javed recorded scores of songs in her native pashto language .  she became a household name among young , progressive ethnic pashtuns .  she had just left a beauty salon and was headed home with her father .  gunmen on a motorcycle sprayed their car with bullets and both were killed , police sai .
 court orders release of alleged coup plotters in zimbabwe <sec> the men were accused of planning a coup in 2007 .  the high court ordered them released .  they allegedly wanted to replace mugabe with the defense ministe .
 rapper t.i . arrested on machine gun charges , misses bet show <sec> new : `` number of people '' live in home where guns found , t.i . .  's attorney says .  t.i . .  was to perform at bet show , where he was nominated for nine awards .  the rapper , a convicted felon , allegedly tried to buy machine guns , silencers .  authorities say they found nine more guns after searching t.i . .  's home , ca .
 robert plant , alison krauss find harmony <sec> robert plant , alison krauss collaborated on `` raising sand '' .  duo confesses they were nervous working together , but it worked .  album won album of the year at grammys .  plant on led zeppelin reunion : 2007 show was `` emotional , '' but that 's probably i .
 when will workers share in apple 's wealth ? <sec> scott nova : labor rights problems at apple 's supplier factories an issue for years .  apple joined an organization called the fair labor association to audit its supply chain .  nova : if apple wants to improve labor practices , it should reach out to independent groups .  nova : if apple genuinely `` cared about every worker , '' it would pay every worker a living wag .
 german intelligence recorded clinton , kerry calls <sec> german media : german intelligence agency accidentally recorded clinton , kerry calls .  german officials say they do n't have widespread eavesdropping program , media sources said .  germany has criticized the u.s. for tapping chancellor angela merkel 's phone .  last month , germany threw the cia station chief in berlin out of the countr .
 top 10 golf resorts <sec> coastal living has compiled a list of the top 10 golf resorts .  they feature spectacular courses , sumptuous lodgings .  destinations include resorts in california , florida , georgia , south carolin .
 model : why i came out as transgender <sec> model geena rocero : i was not born a boy , i was assigned `` boy '' at birth .  she says coming to the u.s. enabled her to change her name , gender marker .  rocero launching movement to change perceptions about transgender people .  rocero : in the west , gender perceived rigidly , laws provide some protection .
 no bag ? then airlines should refund fee <sec> brett snyder thinks travelers should receive refunds if they do n't get their luggage .  delta has a $ 25 to $ 50 voucher if your bags are delayed by more than 12 hours .  frontier is one airline that refunds bag fees if your bag does n't arrive on your fligh .
 white house provides plane to senator for key stimulus vote <sec> white house provides plane to democratic senator so he can vote on stimulus bill .  sen. sherrod brown , d-ohio , may represent the decisive 60th vote on measure .  brown will vote between wake and funeral in ohio for his mother , who died at age 88 .  white house official says loaner is a `` small government plane .
 planet of sound : meteor blast resonated around earth <sec> nuclear test sensors picked up meteor 's sound wave as far away as antarctica .  scientists used that sound to calculate the size of the space rock .  meteor created boom over russi .
 turkish police fire tear gas in clashes with labor day protesters <sec> riot police fire tear gas and water cannons at protesters trying to reach taksim square .  authorities say they barred access to the square because of construction work in the area .  trade unions and youth groups say taksim square is the historic site of may 1 activities .  istanbul authorities and human rights groups disagree on the number of people injure .
 bikram yoga founder denies sexual assault allegations <sec> yoga guru bikram choudhury denies sexual assault allegations .  his accusers , he says , were manipulated to lie about him .  a former student says he uses his yoga accomplishments to hide the harm he 's cause .
 the best ( and best-worst ) of the season 's new christmas music <sec> one of the great joys of the holiday commerce season is the never-ending stream of christmas music .  ew offers a run down of some of the best , and worst .  rod stewart , john travolta and cee lo green make the lis .
 van persie scores on return to the emirates to frustrate arsenal <sec> arsenal and manchester united draw 1-1 at emirates .  robin van persie scores united 's equalizer on return to his old club .  chelsea move above arsenal into third with 2-0 win over swansea .  reading and queens park rangers are relegated from ep .
 princess beatrice 's royal wedding hat being sold for charity <sec> the hat caused a stir at last month 's wedding .  it is being sold on ebay to benefit two children 's charities .  beatrice says she is `` amazed '' by the attention the hat has receive .
 woman answers ad for bird by offering kids as payment <sec> paul and brandy romero advertised the sale of their pet cockatoo for $ 1,500 .  donna greenwell offered two children , who were not her own , for payment .  greenwell and the romeros were arrested and charged with aggravated kidnappin .
 women drinking more <sec> heavy drinking among americans rose 17.2 percent between 2005 and 2012 .  the increase is driven largely by women 's drinking habits .  it 's now more acceptable for women to drink the way men traditionally have , says one exper .
 'star wars : the force awakens ' character names revealed <sec> j.j. abrams has revealed names of some `` star wars '' characters .  he used old-school trading cards to do so .  the cards do n't reveal much other than the character name .
 will romney and ryan take america to war ? <sec> frida ghitis : presidents face unexpected challenges when it comes to international affairs .  ghitis : it 's hard to find a sharp difference between romney and obama in foreign policy .  she says obama and romney disagree about the future pentagon budget .  ghitis : obama or romney will likely preside over conflict with iran and involvement with syri .
 as tablets boom , e-readers feel the blast <sec> as tablet sales skyrocket , dedicated e-readers have suffered .  barnes & noble is expected to announce dismal sales for its nook e-reader line .  amazon leads the field , but has also done well with its kindle fire tablets , online store .  observers say reading experience on tablets has improve .
 activist : attack on whalers 'nonviolent chemical warfare ' <sec> captain of activist ship : `` we can call this nonviolent chemical warfare '' .  japan : anti-whaling group threw butyric acid on board whaling vessel .  japan : the crew complained of injuries after the butyric acid hit the ship .  butyric acid is found in rancid butte .
 rwanda : three days , three musts <sec> rwanda 's natural attractions are drawing tourists to the tiny nation .  the country 's brutal genocide in 1994 is marked by numerous memorials .  tourists track gorillas and monkeys in a mountainous national par .
 madonna 's use of the n-word is more of the same <sec> madonna 's recent controversy should not be a surprise , the author says .  hardy : this is the latest in a career that borrows from what is `` cool '' in culture .  now , as a mother , perhaps she should consider the impact on her childre .
 'you did n't build that : ' a theme out of context <sec> obama 's `` you did n't build that '' line was the heart of the gop convention attack .  republicans say the attack reveals obama 's disdain for entrepreneurs .  but the line has been taken out of context , a look at the transcript show .
 eric frein 's cuts came during capture , marshal says <sec> a u.s. marshal recalls the capture of eric frein at an abandoned pennsylvania airport .  he first saw movement in high grass , after which he and others approached frein .  frein cut his face while face-first on asphalt ; `` we 're not playing around , '' marshal say .  the marshal downplays the danger , saying it 's `` our job '' to `` hunt fugitives '' like frei .
 is the lottery more dangerous than the `` hunger games ? '' <sec> dean obeidallah : the record mega millions jackpot became our national obsession last week .  obeidallah : the lottery had morphed into our own version of `` the hunger games '' .  he says that lottery is not just a distraction but an opiate for the masses .  obeidallah : states should encourage people to use their money in a smarter wa .
 apparently this matters : the puppy room <sec> `` apparently this matters '' is cnn tech 's weekly , offbeat look at the social web .  this week , jarrett breaks down a post on a university 's `` puppy room '' .  puppies , when you think about it , are the answer to all of life 's ills .  also , reddit probably just thought of a new term for a sex ac .
 mexican forces kill top drug lord <sec> nazario moreno gonzalez was a key leader of `` la familia michoacana '' .  five police officers and three civilians have also been killed in two days of shootouts .  joint operation with police , armed forces is aimed at pressuring the carte .
 i-report turns one year old <sec> i-report initiative launched august 2 , 2006 , on cnn.com .  citizen journalists have participated in cnn 's newsgathering .  more than 6,000 i-report submissions last mont .
 crisis plagues iraq as u.s. troops depart <sec> the largely sunni and secular iraqiya bloc is boycotting parliament .  it could unravel iraq 's fragile power-sharing government .  critics of shiite prime minister nuri al-maliki say is amassing power .  the political chaos raises fears of sectarian strif .
 rick warren : there 's a purpose behind our problems <sec> pastor rick warren : problems we face similar to those of mary and joseph .  he says we need to look for the purpose of christmas and of our problems .  warren : we need to pray for new president and support him where we ca .
 vibrio vulnificus : a summertime bacteria <sec> vibrio vulnificus is a naturally occurring bacterium that lives in warm saltwater .  infected high-risk groups can experience blistering skin lesions , blood infections , death .  although rare , infections need immediate medical attention if symptoms present .  cook shellfish properly and avoid going into saltwater with wound .
 tsa officer charged with sexual assault <sec> screener has been removed from security operations .  tsa is working with police .  accuser says he was wering a uniform and badg .
 our five favorite all-caps rants <sec> the u.s. navy has announced it will no longer communicate in all-caps .  tradition dated back to teletype machines of the 1800s .  even innocent messages seem aggressive online when they 're capitalized .  from kanye west to cher , here are some of our favorite .
 senate pulls an all-nighter , approves federal appeals court nominee <sec> new : senate approves nina pillard 51-44 to serve on federal appeals court in washington .  republicans are angry over rules change that weakens their hand in opposing nominations .  the new rules imposed by majority democrats aim to speed up confirmation .  overnight session forced by gop is one way to express frustration and slow the proces .
 christian-muslim violence in nigeria warrants probe , rights group says <sec> at least 150 muslims reported killed in christian rampages .  121 bodies found stuffed in wells and pits , human rights watch says .  group calls on vice president to open investigation of reports .  hundreds have been killed in decade of sectarian violenc .
 mccain calls for $ 300 million prize for better car battery <sec> new : sen. john mccain : prize `` small price to pay '' to combat oil dependency .  new : sen. barack obama criticizes mccain over pay discrimination bill .  mccain wants battery to surpass those of commercially available hybrids .  candidates nearly level in cash available to spend before convention .
 members sue sorority over president 's spending , waxwork <sec> alpha kappa alpha members say board ok 'd $ 900,000 for wax figure of president .  she is accused of using sorority credit card for `` inappropriate expenses '' .  president of u.s. 's oldest black sorority denies `` malicious allegations .
 japanese prime minister faces tests at home and abroad <sec> japanese prime minister naoto kan faces a maze of domestic and international issues .  economic issues are at the forefront in the week leading up to the apec summit in japan .  in a cnn interview , kan defends his government 's intervention in the currency marke .
 uganda lawmakers to vote on anti-gay law <sec> homosexual acts are already illegal in uganda , but the bill proposes harsher penalties .  amnesty international says the legislation would have `` lasting , harmful effects '' .  uganda 's parliamentary speaker has reportedly said she wants the bill to pass before christma .
 tiger woods withdraws from ryder cup consideration <sec> tiger woods has played in seven ryder cups .  he has been suffering from back spasms recently .  he played in pga championship but did n't score well enough to make final rounds .  u.s. captain tom watson says he 's disappointed , thanks woods for telling him his decision earl .
 all 24 hostages free after being held by young wisconsin gunman <sec> new : all 24 hostages are safe and free , after being held by an armed student .  new : they were taken hostage around 3 p.m. at a wisconsin high school .  the suspect had released five hostages earlier in the night .  police say the hostage-taking student acted alone , do n't know his motivatio .
 microsoft demos 'universal translator ' <sec> skype translator offers near-real time language translation during video calls .  a beta version will be launched as a windows 8 app later this year .  the new technology promises improved speech recognition compared to previous method .
 commentary : u.s. should leave iran alone <sec> roland martin : obama 's critics wrongly accuse him of being too cautious on iran .  he says critics do n't understand the tangled history of the u.s. and iran .  martin : america helped oust democratically elected government in 1953 .  he says that coup helped lead to iranian revolution and years of conflic .
 remote warfare ushers new kind of stress <sec> robotic warfare allows pilots to control armed vehicles without risk to themselves .  military experts are now looking at the psychological impact this may have on pilots .  pilots now transition from battlefield to home environment in less than an hour .  some pilots welcome operating from the u.s. rather than being deployed oversea .
 google 's pro-gay doodle sends message of support <sec> google doodle supports lgbt community with rainbow flag and olympic charter quote .  putin 's government criticized for its anti-gay stance .  un secretary general also shows support for lgbt community in ioc speec .
 student forgotten in cell for 5 days will sue dea <sec> dea says agents `` accidentally left '' daniel chong in a holding cell .  `` he almost died , '' chong 's lawyer says .  chong drank his urine to survive while agents ignored cries for help , lawyer says .  incident `` not indicative of the high standards that i hold my employees to , '' dea official say .
 ex-massachusetts chemist gets 3 to 5 years in tampering case <sec> annie dookhan pleads guilty to tampering with evidence , perjury , obstruction of justice .  300 drug convictions have been put on hold in one county alone .  dookhan cut corners in criminal cases , altered samples to cover up .  authorities : one person set free because of dookhan went on to kill someon .
 the height of teamwork on everest <sec> army officer dave bunting recruited a team of 21 soldiers to summit everest .  the 2006 attempt was via the mountain 's notoriously dangerous west ridge .  they spent over three years preparing by building cameraderie and team spirit .  bunting says personal ambition can sometimes get the better of climbers on everes .
 latin phrases you pretend to understand <sec> nine latin phrases commonly used today .  persona non grata : person unwelcome due to ideological differences .  quid pro quo refers to a deal or trade .  sui generis refers to something so new or bizarre it defies categorizatio .
 egyptian saif al-adel now acting leader of al qaeda , ex-militant says <sec> noman benotman says saif al-adel is the `` caretaker '' leader of al qaeda .  the selection of an egyptian might not be accepted by some in al qaeda .  benotman has known al qaeda leadership for two decade .
 the tokyo sushi restaurant where obama ate <sec> on wednesday night , u.s. president obama dined at what many consider the world 's best sushi restaurant .  chef jiro ono is the first sushi chef in the world to receive three michelin stars .  the 19-piece `` chef 's recommended special course '' costs 30,000 yen ( about $ 292 .
 kerry in afghanistan to talk over election outcome <sec> kerry makes unannounced stop in kabul .  he will meet with both candidates in election still not finalized .  the united states wants a thorough examination of legitimate fraud claim .
 what is 'presidential greatness ' ? <sec> america 's top presidential scholars weigh in on what makes a president great .  richard reeves : fdr was the greatest president of the 20th century .  h.w . .  brands : america is not ready for another great president right now .  joan hoff : wartime presidents tend to be considered great , but perhaps no longe .
 cancer ? more exercise , not less , may be best <sec> marika holmgren got back on her mountain bike shortly after her cancer diagnosis in 2007 .  many studies have shown the benefits of staying active during and after cancer treatment .  exercising has more intangible benefits as well , in terms of mental healt .
 british banker 'fit ' to enter plea over brutal murders <sec> case adjourned until july to allow analysis of more than 200 pieces of forensic evidence .  court ruled rurik jutting is fit to enter a plea after psychological assessments .  29-year-old banker accused of killing sumarti ningsih , 25 , and seneng mujiasih , 29 .  police say jutting called them to the apartment early on november .
 flaw may permanently ground 160 jets , air force general says <sec> new : general : manufacturing flaw may lead to suspension of quarter of fleet .  f-15c eagle broke apart in mid-air in november ; the pilot survived .  report : defective metal beam in the airframe disintegrated during flight .  some aircraft remain grounded as the air force continues to investigat .
 drone footage shows derelict remains of chernobyl <sec> filmmaker uses drone camera to capture remains of chernobyl and nearby city of pripyat .  danny cooke visited the area for work on `` 60 minutes '' .  the visit changed his `` perspective of life , '' cooke sai .
 egyptian elections to start nov. 28 <sec> new : the elections will take place in three stages across different districts , the supreme council says .  new : the january 25 revolution movement threatened a sit-in if no election date and plan were announced .  the elections will be the first since hosni mubarak 's ouster .  mubarak faces charges of corruption and ordering the killing of protesters , which he denie .
 dying 2-year-old to be couple 's best man <sec> doctors say logan , 2 , has less than a month to live .  his parents wanted him to be their best man in a wedding they 'd planned for next year .  logan 's diagnosis moved the wedding to saturday .  `` there 's no way i can get married and not have logan in our family photos , '' mother say .
 military official : u.s. hospital ship in haiti near capacity <sec> u.s. , aid agencies scramble for alternative because ship is nearing capacity .  solution involves plans for a 3,000- to 5,000-bed temporary hospital on land .  usns comfort has performed more than 200 surgeries , treated more than 1,000 .  officials say patients are requiring a longer stay time than expecte .
