 israeli airstrikes target alleged militants on border <sec> the israeli military says the militants were trying to plant a bomb .  the men crossed from syria , israel say .
 miep gies , anne frank protector , dies at 100 <sec> gies helped hide anne frank , seven others from nazis in amsterdam .  after hiding place was raided , gies found anne 's diary and kept it until after the war .  gies worked as a secretary for anne 's father , otto , and later gave diary to hi .
 opinion : caroline kennedy could make a difference in japan <sec> caroline kennedy is being vetted for the post of u.s. ambassador to japan .  shihoko goto says kennedy could be a strong voice for empowering women .  japan is far behind other nations in giving women leadership roles in business , she says .  author : kennedy could emphasize how japan , u.s. need to move toward gender equit .
 cnn student news transcript : march 18 , 2010 <sec> find out why some u.s. students are spending spring break filling sandbags .  consider the reasons why detroit is planning to close more than 40 schools .  hear how a rhodes scholar is tackling the move back to the football field .  use the daily discussion to help students understand today 's featured news storie .
 earthquake jolts millions on east coast : 'this felt big ' <sec> the quake , near washington , sends tremors as far away as north carolina .  `` at first we thought it was a huge truck that went past , '' a witness says .  `` i know shaking and this felt big , '' says a former californian , now in virginia .  people line the streets in washington , where many building are evacuate .
 pimping investigation against strauss-kahn to continue in french court <sec> new : dominique strauss-kahn will appeal the court ruling , his lawyer says .  french court rules that probe into strauss-kahn will continue .  his lawyers say he did n't know that women at sex parties were paid .  earlier this month , he settled a civil suit with a new york hotel mai .
 syria strikes : would u.s. go it alone ? <sec> a u.s.-led coalition to bomb syria has yet to take shape .  british legislators vote against joining , but experts say it 's possible they may reconsider .  the french parliament is expected to take up the u.s. proposal this week .  saudi arabia , jordan , turkey will support u.s. in different ways , even under the tabl .
 vanishing spray set for english premier league debut <sec> english premier league to use vanishing spray for 2014/15 season .  biodegradable foam was a hit with fans and players at brazil 2014 .  the spray has been used in mls for several year .
 deposed tunisian leader : i 'm a scapegoat <sec> former tunisian leader zine el abidine ben ali says he is being unfairly discredited .  ben ali , who was deposed earlier this year , denies a variety of charges against him .  tunisia 's revolt triggered a wave of protests across north africa and the middle eas .
 turkish pm : u.s. elections hampering syria action <sec> cnn 's christiane amanpour interviews the turkish prime minister in istanbul .  erdogan talks about the crisis in syria , iran 's suspected nuclear program .  american `` elections ... might be the root cause of the lacking of initiative , '' he say .
 senators debate nuclear weapons treaty ; no vote slated yet <sec> new : the senate begins debate on the treaty , then moves on to other issues .  kerry says it is time for republicans to join democrats to ratify the treaty .  kyl says rushing the pact through before christmas disrespects the senate .  the accord resumes inspections of nuclear arsenals and reduces the numbers of warhead .
 rapper trinidad james not mad at oklahoma sae house mom <sec> trinidad james says it would be hypocritical to condemn beauton gilbow .  the university of oklahoma sae house mom was caught on tape saying n-word .  rapper : if `` you would want to hang me from a tree , then do n't talk to me .
 confessed boston strangler exhumed in pursuit of cold case <sec> albert desalvo confessed to being the boston strangler .  authorities never definitively linked desalvo to the killings .  he was never charged in those crimes , and he was killed in prison in 1973 .  authorities believe they have linked desalvo to one killin .
 suspect 's mom : son 'stupid kid , ' not a terrorist <sec> mother of new jersey terror suspect insists son `` not a terrorist '' .  son and his friend charged with conspiracy to kill outside u.s . .  mahmood alessa 's girlfriend says they were supposed to marry in egyp .
 handwritten notes detail rescued canadian woman 's ordeal <sec> new : stranded woman leaves handwritten notes detailing ordeal .  `` right now , we 're just celebrating , '' rita chretien 's son says of his mom 's recovery .  she was stuck in a remote mountain area , largely living off candy and melted snow .  the search continues for her husband , who left march 22 seeking hel .
 man arrested after plotting federal reserve bomb , authorities say <sec> the suspect majored in cybersecurity at a college in missouri .  jay carney , white house press secretary , says president barack obama has been briefed .  bangladeshi national made initial court appearance wednesday at federal courthouse in brooklyn .  his attorney , a public defender , declined to commen .
 north korea denies being behind sony hack <sec> north korean envoy denies regime has anything to do with sony cyber attacks .  but north korea has applauded the hacking .  u.s. congressman calls for tougher acts against north kore .
 south korean president 's brother charged with bribery <sec> lee sang-deuk is seen as a major force in the president 's election .  he is alleged to have received money from troubled savings banks .  relatives of previous south korean presidents have also faced charges .  the daughter of a former president says she will run for president this yea .
 dangerous virus newly found in humans diagnosed in france <sec> out of 31 confirmed cases of infection , the ncov virus has killed at least 18 people .  the virus is related to one that causes the common cold , also a coronavirus .  ncov has been compared to sars , which killed about 10 % of its confirmed victim .
 smartphone prices slashed after ces <sec> nokia lumia 710 went on sale january 11 for a budget-friendly $ 50 .  motorola dropped the price of its 16gb droid razr from $ 300 to $ 200 .  samsung infuse 4g is on sale at at & t for a mere penny through january 2 .
 wilson raj perumal : the man who fixed football <sec> convicted match-fixer wilson raj perumal speaks to cnn in first television interview .  singaporean says he fixed up to 100 matches all over the world .  perumal boasts about having fixed world cup qualifiers and making millions of dollars .  former fifa investigator says match-fixing threatens to destroy game 's integrit .
 philippine economy bucks global headwinds <sec> the philippine economy grew 7.1 % last quarter -- the fastest growth in two years .  economy growing at the fastest rate in asia next to china 's 7.4 % growth .  manila is bucking the global pressures of eu debt crisis and china slowdown .  imf chief : philippines economic forecast only nation revised up in 201 .
 nepal earthquake victims overwhelm kathmandu hospitals <sec> patients flood hospitals in nepalese capital after devastating earthquake .  cnn 's dr. sanjay gupta helps with girl 's operation at nepalese medical team 's request .  `` this is as bad a situation as i 've ever seen , '' gupta say .
 aig dispute dogging dodd may bite at election time <sec> at media event for funding announcement , reporters question dodd about aig .  big question is whether the aig scandal will make dodd vulnerable next year .  former republican rep . .  rob simmons will try to unseat dodd .  dodd says if he does his job , `` politics will take care of itself .
 review : raw emotion fuels new morissette album <sec> breakup with actor fiance ryan reynolds part of `` flavors of entanglement '' .  alanis morissette 's most affecting moment on the album is sparest .  morissette partners with producer , co-writer guy sigswort .
 firefox gets into the smartphone business <sec> mozilla 's new firefox mobile operating system rolls out in europe .  the phones are built on open web standards and run html 5 apps .  there are no immediate plans to bring the phones to the u.s .
 somali rappers defy bullets , death threats for mogadishu concert <sec> the somali capital of mogadishu is set to host its biggest music festival in over two decades .  the mogadishu music festival is aiming to rally would-be fighters to peacefully resist extremism .  the stealth event is put together by waayaha cusub , a group of kenya-based somali rappers .  the collective is famous for its powerful lyrics attacking militant extremist .
 swiss wo n't extradite polanski on child sex charge <sec> new : u.s. officials express disappointment over the swiss decision .  switzerland refuses to extradite filmmaker roman polanski to the united states .  polanski admitted unlawful sex with a 13-year-old-girl in 1977 .  he fled the united states before he could be sentence .
 three sent off as genoa win fiery derby <sec> genoa prevent city rivals sampdoria from moving into serie a 's top three .  home side win 3-0 in derby that sees three players sent off and move up to fifth .  antonio di natale returns from ban to inspire udinese to a 2-0 win over livorno .  ac milan will be without injured right-back massimo oddo for the rest of this yea .
 rebel forces hold key city , advance west <sec> french say they destroyed libyan aircraft in misrata .  explosion in tripoli ; plane heard .  `` winds of change are starting to blow , '' opposition says .  rebel forces took control of ajdabiya overnigh .
 rebels gain ground as airstrikes continue in libya <sec> coalition airstrikes continue as nato agrees to take command of the libya mission .  rebel fighters appear to have control of ras lanuf and brega .  a government spokesman says nato is `` starving the libyan population '' .  eight people are killed and 22 injured in misrata , an eyewitness say .
 matthias mayer wins skiing 's blue riband on sochi 's super sunday <sec> austria 's matthias mayer wins men 's downhill .  pre-race favorite bode miller can only manage eighth place .  russia wins first gold in the team figure skating competition .  jamie anderson gives united states double in slopestyl .
 egypt on edge as dug-in foes , supporters of president rally nationwide <sec> new : pro- and anti-president morsy rallies run late into the night in egypt .  new : an opposition leader rejects violence targeting morsy 's muslim brotherhood .  new : he urges opposition protests to continue : `` we will be victorious '' .  egyptian troops are deployed nationwide to curb unrest , military say .
 zsa zsa gabor 's bel air mansion for sale <sec> the 6,400-square-foot house is priced at $ 15 million , real estate agent christophe choo says .  gabor 's husband previously asked for $ 28 million for the home .  the upper terrace offers a commanding view of los angeles .  gabor 's daughter questions her stepfather 's authority to sell the hous .
 italy beat u.s. to win second fed cup title <sec> italy beat the united states 4-0 to win fed cup title at home in in reggio calabria .  it is the italians ' second fed cup success in three years after previously winning it in 2006 .  flavia pennetta 's 7-5 6-2 victory over melanie oudin in sunday 's opening singles match gave the italians an unassailable lead .  the fourth singles rubber was scrapped , and italy also won the remaining doubles ti .
 yemeni women burn veils to protest regime <sec> the women gathered their veils and scarves in a pile and set it ablaze .  the act is highly symbolic in the conservative muslim nation .  a protester accused ali abdullah saleh 's regime of killing women and children .  she said women would not tolerate silence from tribal leader .
 russia criticizes prince charles for reported hitler comment <sec> russia criticizes british royal family over prince charles controversy .  charles reportedly compared vladimir putin to hitler .  a russian official says the comments reflect poorly on future monarc .
 be gone , selfie ! and take twerk with you ! <sec> selfies are loathed by many social media users , and the word is , too .  university in michigan takes submissions for words that should be banned .  this is the 39th year for the list , which also includes twerk , twittersphere this year .  obamacare makes the list for its incredibly frequent use in the medi .
 surveillance tape shows missing california girl skipping in alley <sec> new : video shows sandra cantu skipping near her home the day she went missing .  new : grainy , 8-second image of the 8-year-old was shown at a news conference .  girl had on a pink hello kitty t-shirt and black leggings the day she disappeared .  reward has increased to $ 26,000 , and authorities are following more than 800 lead .
 officials make break in baffling disease killing cambodian children <sec> who denies causing panic .  hospital officials : at least 64 children have been killed ; two have survived .  15 of the 24 patients screened test positive for enterovirus type 71 .  the outbreak has not been fully solved , a who official say .
 on the border with obama 's immigration foes <sec> michele bachmann and steve king traveled to the border together .  they were there a day after obama 's immigration announcement .  king : `` we do not have a moral obligation to bring people out of the shadows .
 mystery surrounds north korea 's next possible leader <sec> kim jong un is widely expected to inherit power from his father .  the younger kim has been kept off the radar by the secretive north .  before kim 's promotion to general on monday , state-run media did n't mention him .  analysts think his father 's health has sped up succession plan .
 behind the scenes : dreamliner battery fix <sec> exclusive interview with boeing unit that handled the dreamliner fix .  boeing built mockups of 787 battery bay .  work was tedious rather than onerous , boeing says .  fix involved multiple parts of boeing 's enterpris .
 thousands lose sleep over horse 's birth <sec> thousands watched and waited for a horse , stormy , to give birth on webcam .  mare stare is a site devoted to livestreaming videos of horses giving birth .  `` it 's nuts . .  if my feed goes down people call me at work , '' says horse 's owner .  stormy gave birth to a foal early tuesday mornin .
 dreaming of cheese , jobs in new york field <sec> entrepreneur has long dreamed of building high-end specialty cheese factory .  he sees plot of barren farmland as future home of $ 40 million feta-and-brie plant .  key selling point : product would meet strict standards of jewish , muslim faiths .  he hopes factory can help turn around declines in manufacturing , employmen .
 gigolo admits blackmailing bmw heiress <sec> germany 's richest woman told police she was being blackmailed for millions .  bmw heiress said former lover threatened to release images of them .  helg sgarbi 's admits trying to blackmail bmw heiress and other .
 justices say age counts when child suspects are questioned <sec> a 13-year-old suspect was questioned by a police officer at school .  the court says officials need to consider age when applying miranda guidelines .  sotomayor : officers simply need to use common sense .  alito , in dissent , says miranda is being `` run off the rails .
 football pioneer : andrew watson - the first black international <sec> andrew watson was the first black player to play international football .  he captained scotland on his debut , a 6-1 win over archrivals england .  it remains the heaviest home defeat suffered by england .  watson was born in british guiana and the son of a glasgow merchan .
 guus hiddink to return as netherlands coach after world cup <sec> former chelsea and real madrid coach guus hiddink announced next manager of dutch national team .  hiddink will take over from louis van gaal after 2014 world cup in brazil .  managerial team to include danny blind and ruud van nistelroo .
 'snl 's ' darrell hammond reveals dark past of abuse <sec> darrell hammond came to cnn to discuss his career , new book .  the interview took a dark turn when he said he had been abused by his mother .  the `` snl '' actor ended up in tears talking about his pas .
 south korean ferry survivors return to school after classmates ' deaths <sec> new : coast guard : the death toll rises to 228 , with 74 missing .  about 70 survivors from the ferry visit danwon high school in ansan .  the school sent 325 students on a field trip ; scores have died at sea .  south korea 's president apologizes for the initial response to the ferry sinkin .
 explore historic hong kong <sec> the blue house , a chinese tenement from the 1920s , is at the heart of a cluster of historic buildings .  local residents lead tours of historic sites .  preservationists worry about the impact of gentrification on the neighborhood 's character .  a renovation of the blue house is preserving the local community by letting residents stay in their home .
 girl raped while in the care of baby sitter , attorney says <sec> mom thinks girl was abused while in the care of a baby sitter , attorney says .  mother had no idea daughter had been abused , attorney says .  girl , now 7 , shown being raped on videotape made years ago .  manhunt underway for suspect , chester arthur stiles , 3 .
 cheney defends 'alternative ' interrogation techniques <sec> cheney : u.s. policies `` comply with our law , which prohibits torture '' .  cheney tells american legion `` alternative '' interrogations prevented attacks .  cia has admitted `` waterboarding , '' considered a war crime in the pas .
 briefs encounter : are football stars in underwear the perfect sales package ? <sec> football stars are cashing in on christmas market for branded underwear .  world cup star james rodriguez is the latest to launch an underwear brand .  global icons cristiano ronaldo and david beckham also have their own underwear collections .  bjorn borg brand now sells five million units a year after the tennis star pioneered the ide .
 territorial row overshadows obama 's cambodia visit <sec> obama in cambodia for regional summit on last leg of asia trip .  meets with chinese premier wen jiabao and other leaders .  bitter maritime dispute overshadows discussion .
 revamp of uefa competitions up for discussion <sec> european champions league could be expanded to include 64 teams .  uefa president michel platini says a decision on format of competitions to be made in 2014 .  new proposals could see the second-tier europa league scrapped .  the europa league replaced the uefa cup in 200 .
 convicted cleveland serial killer will not be eligible for parole <sec> anthony sowell was declared not eligible for parole wednesday .  sowell was convicted friday on 84 counts , including murdering 11 women from 2007 to 2009 .  his sentencing hearing begins august .
 why the pope did n't just say no on condoms <sec> dan madigan says catholic church has long had an answer on condom use : `` absolutely not '' .  he says pope surprised by saying prostitutes ' condom use more morally responsible .  church teaches : no sex outside marriage , no condoms ; new comments aim at unmarried sex .  madigan : pope 's comments reflect a more sophisticated strain of catholic moral traditio .
 china admits sites hit in hacking attack <sec> china acknowledges hacker attack on chinese websites .  anonymous china claimed to have defaced almost 500 sites .  message referred to beijing 's `` evil regime '' and warned readers to be `` careful '' .  follows china 's temporary suspension of comments on microblog .
 man utd splash out on world cup medal <sec> manchester united to exhibit nobby stiles ' memorabilia in club museum after auction .  club bought 10 of the former england player 's 45 lots up for sale in edinburgh .  the 68-year-old midfielder spent most of his 15-year playing career at old trafford .  he won the world cup with england in 1966 and european cup with united in '6 .
 pompeii faces ruin for a second time <sec> ancient pompeii has come under scrutiny after the collapse of the house of the gladiators .  italian heritage charity italia nostra issued red list of over 50 ancient sites in danger .  government denies neglect and put emergency measures in place after collaps .
 with stadium about to fall , is now the time to dig into hoffa legend ? <sec> lore has it that jimmy hoffa 's buried in the end zone , or thereabouts , in giants stadium .  with the stadium being razed , now may be the time to test the urban legend .  field wo n't be dug up , but stadium will be torn down , land will become a parking lot .  legend remains , but many , including fbi , say now 's the time to spike i .
 activist inspired by down syndrome son <sec> national center for bullying prevention 's julie hertzog feared for down syndrome son .  david was n't bullied because hertzog was proactive , teaching kids , working with teachers .  students were trained to be peer advocates , she says , to intervene in bullying situations .  hertzog 's organization started national bullying prevention month to educate the publi .
