 f1 : the karting king behind sebastian vettel and michael schumacher <sec> michael schumacher and sebastian vettel were both nurtured by the same man .  they were guided in their junior careers by gerhard noack in the town of kerpen .  noack was introduced to karting through his friendship with the schumacher family .  he says four-time champion vettel will eclipse schumacher 's record seven title .
 mexican police arrest suspect tied to migrant massacre <sec> edgar huerta was arrested thursday with his girlfriend .  authorities say he confessed to directing the kidnappings of more than 70 migrants last year .  he reportedly told authorities he had killed 10 people .  huerta is accused of belonging to the zetas drug carte .
 can the u.s. afford health care reform ? <sec> about 50 million americans are without any health insurance .  people losing jobs in the recession also lose health insurance .  government health provision care largely confined to veterans , elderly and poor .  extending government role is health care is politically hot potat .
 gay teens at center of controversies find support in each other <sec> constance mcmillen finished out her high school senior year at another school .  she made headlines over her request to escort a girl to prom , she says .  ceara sturgis says her school 's yearbook omitted her picture because she wore a tuxedo . .  both teens say they found support through groups such as mississippi safe school coalitio .
 bill nye : u.s. risks losing its space edge <sec> bill nye , the science guy on tv , also heads planetary society .  he is speaking out against proposed cuts in nasa planetary exploration budget .  nye says the u.s. has unmatched expertise in landing spacecraft on other planets .  if america loses its edge , it could take decades to rebuild , nye say .
 report : islamist militants claim 2 deadly attacks in niger <sec> new : 20 soldiers , five assailants dead after another bombing , battle .  islamist group mujao says attacks are response to cooperation with france .  truck bomb kills two assailants , wounds 50 outside mine .  mujao has been fighting french forces in mali , which borders nige .
 new egypt president takes on military over parliament <sec> mohamed morsi is looking at ways to restore parliament , his spokesman says .  the move puts him on a collision course just days after he was sworn in .  a military council claimed lawmaking power after dissolving parliament .  morsi , egypt 's first democratically elected president , took office on saturda .
 6.0-magnitude earthquake strikes indonesia <sec> new : the usgs revises down the number .  new : no tsunami alert is issued .  the nation is still recovering from a 6.1-magnitude quake that killed 35 peopl .
 autopsy : cocaine a factor in billy mays ' death <sec> cocaine contributed to billy mays ' death , says autopsy report .  mays died from heart disease ; cocaine use played role in illness , report said .  mays died june 2 .
 louisiana pols offer scalise bipartisan backing <sec> the louisiana delegation is offering bipartisan support to rep. steve scalise .  democratic rep. cedric richmond defended the republican .  the staffer for scalise at the time , cameron henry , is brothers with scalise 's chief of staf .
 12 year old dies in suicide attack in northwest pakistan <sec> the suicide bomber blew himself up after people tried to apprehend him , police say .  the attack took place at a weapons market in dara adam khe .
 weather is messing with airline travel <sec> as latest storm moves across the country , airlines cancel flights .  atlanta airport , the busiest in the world , prepares for first snow plowing since 2011 .  chicago and cleveland airports deal with snow as a common occurrenc .
 bahrain king reshuffles cabinet as opposition leader returns <sec> the king replaced three cabinet ministers and made changes in two posts .  it follows the return of opposition leader hassan mushaimaa .  protesters have been calling for political reforms and regime chang .
 mtv video music awards : who leads the nominees ? <sec> the 2014 mtv video music awards nominees were announced thursday .  beyonce leads the pack with eight .  she shares two of her nods with husband , jay z .  eminem and iggy azalea each received seven nomination .
 what if you could make anything you wanted ? <sec> open-source movement offers infinite opportunity for invention .  massimo banzi 's arduino motherboards control thousands of diy devices .  banzi says if you have an idea for something , you can create it .  he spoke at ted global 2012 conference on `` radical openness .
 20 best places to visit in the usa <sec> u.s. news picked its top spots in the usa .  there 's a new number one at the top of the list .  beaches , national parks , big cities and culture fill out the top 2 .
 nixon thought he was through with watergate ... in 1973 <sec> last round of watergate tapes include nixon 's talks with aides , brezhnev , kissinger .  after aides resigned , nixon said he was done with watergate .  nixon said he would `` never , never , never , never '' talk about it again .  the white house recordings helped drive him from office more than a year late .
 man offers free world trip to any elizabeth gallagher <sec> a 28-year-old toronto man is looking for a canadian woman named elizabeth gallagher .  he booked several plane tickets in his ex-girlfriend 's name in march .  trip includes flights to milan , paris , bangkok and new delh .
 south korea unveils sanctions aimed at iran 's nuclear program <sec> measures include scrutiny of financial transactions and cargo inspections .  the u.s. has lobbied other countries to boost sanctions against iran .  iran has dismissed suspicions that it is enriching uranium to build a nuclear bomb .  the country has defied u.n. security council resolutions , the iaea say .
 j.k. rowling returns to potter 's world <sec> j.k. rowling will make her screenwriting debut with a wizarding movie .  it 'll be based on one of harry potter 's textbooks .  studio warner bros. says it 's the first in a film serie .
 fbi investigates former christie advisers in bridge scandal <sec> two advisers to new jersey gov . .  chris christie have been contacted by the fbi .  agents questioned ex-campaign manager bill stepien 's landlord , court papers say .  fbi has spoken with the parents of bridget anne kelly , formerly in christie 's administration .  the fbi is investigating the lane closures on the george washington bridg .
 another protest turns violent outside u.s. embassy in cairo <sec> new : molotov cocktails , rocks and tear gas exchanged between police and demonstrators .  egypt 's president condemns film that incited rioters .  he did not condemn tuesday 's attack on the u.s. embassy .  rioters stormed the embassy and tore down the u.s. fla .
 iran rejects asylum offer for woman sentenced to die by stoning <sec> brazil 's president offered to save sakineh mohammadi ashtiani 's life .  she is condemned to die by stoning after being convicted of adultery in 2006 .  a human rights activist said she hoped the world would keep up pressure on iran .  she wrote a letter to lula saying brazil 's offer was an `` important step .
 bo guagua defends himself against 'party boy ' allegations <sec> bo guagua issues a statement in the harvard crimson defending his record .  son of bo xilai answers charges he did poorly academically at school and university .  he denies his connections gained him places at some of the world 's most elite colleges .  also denies he had driven a red ferrari , part of allegations he led a lavish college lifestyl .
 uk woman gets 5 years for fanning terror via facebook <sec> a british woman , 35 , was arrested last year because of her posts on facebook .  runa khan is sentenced to over 5 years for distributing terrorist publications .  she used social media to urge other women to train for jihad , send husbands off to fight .  police official : `` we aim to make the internet a more hostile environment for terrorists .
 cambodia , thailand to pull troops from temple <sec> cambodia , thailand to redeploy some troops away from the site of a border temple .  two sides plan to discuss issue of who the land around the temple belongs to .  flare-up began when cambodian guards detained three thais who entered area .  cambodia claims thailand sent troops to retrieve the trio and built up their number .
 bahrain hunger striker 's life in danger , daughter says <sec> bahrain must do more to ensure reform and prevent abuses , uk foreign office says .  the daughter of hunger striker abdulhadi al-khawaja says his life is at stake .  he has been on a hunger strike for nearly 8 weeks and may drop into a coma , she says .  he and 7 others were found guilty of a plot to overthrow royal famil .
 lufthansa jet narrowly avoids collision at jfk <sec> a spokesman for egyptair said the plane did not move until the tower issued clearance .  the near miss monday was captured on audio recordings .  egyptair flight made a wrong turn while taxiing .  faa is investigatin .
 police : ex-mets pitcher arrested , accused of dui with child in car <sec> police : dwight gooden under influence of drugs when he was arrested after crash .  gooden arrested after two-vehicle crash about 8:50 a.m . .  et tuesday , police say .  he faces charges of endangerment , leaving accident scene , reckless drivin .
 bbc 's news director , deputy 'step aside ' in fallout over false sex abuse report <sec> helen boaden , the bbc 's director of news , is stepping aside pending an internal review .  boaden 's deputy , steve mitchell , also stepped aside , the bbc reports .  the review is examining a bbc report that falsely implicated a former political official .  the bbc also faces criticism over its handling of allegations against jimmy savil .
 world 's oldest person dies <sec> 115-year-old dina manfredini died overnight .  she became the world 's oldest person this month .  she apparently died in her sleep , her granddaughter say .
 new sotomayor documents detail work of puerto rican rights group <sec> sotomayor once served on the puerto rican legal defense and education fund .  group opposed the 1987 nomination of robert bork to the high court .  supporters : prldef documents add nothing to the nomination debate .  republicans are challenging sotomayor 's record on affirmative actio .
 ebola screenings begin at jfk ; four more airports start next week <sec> two airports in london to implement enhanced screenings .  screenings begin saturday at new york airport ; four more begin next week .  emergency rooms in the united states are preparing for possible cases .  world health organization : 8,399 are believed to have caught the virus ; 4,033 are dea .
 inventor , futurist predicts dawn of total artificial intelligence <sec> ray kurzweil is an inventor , entrepreneur , author and futurist .  he predicts future in which technology will become superior to humans .  point at which man and machine merge into one is referred to by kurzweil as `` singularity .
 why ang lee 's oscar puts identity center stage <sec> ang lee 's name beamed on building in taiwan after oscar win .  lee , born in taiwan , won award for best director for `` life of pi '' .  lee 's win created excitement in taiwan and china , both claimed him as their own .  ryan : `` in some ways it feels like 'linsanity ' all over again .
 'ambush ' killings of lawmen part of increase in slain police <sec> ambush killings against law officers have occurred in california , colorado , texas , west virginia .  they contribute to an overall increase in slain officers so far this year , one group says .  many police fear the bullet addressed `` to whom it may concern '' .  but respect toward law officers is much greater than it was in the 70s , expert say .
 student with hiv sues private residential school for denied admission <sec> eighth grader with hiv was denied enrollment at milton hershey school .  the pennsylvania private residential school is named after chocolate maker .  the boy alleges discrimination in a lawsuit timed with world aids day .  school says it 's made `` the right , legal decision under the law .
 berlin celebrates night that changed world <sec> angela merkel leads ceremonies to mark 20 years since collapse of berlin wall .  thousands of people converged on symbolic brandenburg gate in center of berlin .  merkel says germany still has far to go in its unification proces .
 afghan soldier kills nato soldier <sec> new : an attack on afghan and coalition forces in the herat district is repelled .  a shooter who kills an isaf service member is part of the afghan army , officials say .  the incident is under investigation .  two isaf service members die after an ied attac .
 3 dead in first u.s. drone strike in pakistan since leaders met <sec> the attack hits a compound in north waziristan in northwest pakistan , officials say .  it comes after the pakistani prime minister met with president obama last week .  the pakistani government says it `` strongly condemns '' the latest strike .  human rights groups have documented civilian casualties from drone strike .
 green billionaire prepares to attack 'anti-science ' republicans <sec> billionaire 's environmental group is targeting senate , governors ' races .  focus is on races with contrast between pro-environment vs. `` anti-science '' candidates .  critics accuse tom steyer of hypocrisy , saying he made his money on fossil fuel .
 girl 's heart heals itself 10 years after transplant <sec> hannah clark suffered from a rare heart condition when she was a baby .  doctors added a donor heart to her own in a unique surgery when she was two .  doctors later removed donor heart and found her own heart had healed itself .  hannah is now a healthy 16-year-old with normal teenage aspiration .
 tasmanian whiskey : on a top-shelf mission <sec> the tasmanian whisky trail runs to the world 's most southerly distillery at mount arthur .  belgrove distillery 's peter bignell makes australia 's only rye whiskey .  demographics are changing . .  buyers of $ 150 premium single malt whisky are just as likely to be young and femal .
 missing toddler found in rhode island <sec> 2-year-old isaih perez is found wandering the streets of providence , an official says .  the boy appears to be in good health , police say .  two men have been apprehended in connection with the case .  authorities had issued an amber alert for isaih earlier sunda .
 could 'serial ' killer get new trial ? <sec> new arguments will be heard in the case of adnan syed , convicted of murdering ex-girlfriend hae min lee .  the 1999 murder and trial was the subject of the popular podcast 'serial ' .  arguments will be heard in jun .
 treasure hunters claim historic warship found <sec> team says it has discovered the wreck site of hms victory .  victory sank in 1744 between england and france .  if find is confirmed , it could set up a legal battle with the british government .  replacement hms victory served as nelson flagship for battle of trafalgar in 180 .
 how would you save american airlines ? <sec> american 's problems can be fixed if management wants to make changes .  the airline must convince passengers that its seats are safe and its planes will arrive on time .  employees are the likely source of most solutions to the airline 's problem .
 thousands of volcano evacuees return home in southern chile <sec> the volcano began erupting in southern chile about two weeks ago .  it is becoming less active , officials say .  the eruption forced thousands of people to evacuate and spewed smoke miles into the sky .  an ash cloud disrupted flights as far away as australi .
 unraveling the tale behind the apple logo <sec> holden frith says one story recounts how the apple logo was a tribute to alan turing .  `` sadly , the truth is rarely as simple , or beautiful , as we would like , '' he writes .  apple logo artist rob janoff is charmed by the story but was unaware of the association .  frith : more than most , steve jobs appreciated the value of a beautiful stor .
 flood berm bursts at nebraska nuclear plant <sec> the fort calhoun plant remains secure , its owner says .  some of the grounds are under water .  the plant has been shut since apri .
 toddler hot car death : skout user apparently the dad <sec> profile has three pictures of a man who appears to be justin ross harris .  'rj ' says he is married , 'harmless ' .  harris is charged with murder in the death of his 22-month-old son .  he has pleaded not guilty and remains in jail after a judge denied bai .
 video games ' new frontier : the visually impaired <sec> new interactive music video game developed for visually impaired .  nintendo wii 's wiimote controller or keyboard used to play .  developers hope game will also be played online by mainstream player .
 three cleared of aiding london bombers <sec> jury acquits three accused of involvement in july 7 , 2005 , attacks on london .  verdicts came at the end of the men 's retrial .  three men had always denied the charge .
 obama says egypt 's transition 'must begin now ' <sec> new : president obama spoke to egypt 's president on tuesday .  new : obama warns of difficult days ahead for egypt and pledges continued partnership .  mubarak announces he wo n't run for re-election .  an envoy for obama urged mubarak to drop his re-election plan .
 spokane 's cupich succeeding chicago 's cardinal george <sec> cardinal francis george stepping down after 17 years as chicago archbishop .  spokane bishop blase cupich chosen to succeed george .  george resigned as required at age 75 in 2012 , but pope did n't accept it until now .  george has been battling kidney cance .
 lawsuit claims bob evans meatloaf killed parents <sec> lawsuit claims tainted meatloaf caused elderly couple 's death .  bob evans restaurants says suit is `` entirely without merit '' .  the case will be heard in federal court in west virginia early next yea .
 media 's royal wedding crush is pathetic <sec> roland martin : media coverage of engagement of prince william was over the top .  he says it 's an entertaining story but did n't deserve top billing on the news .  journalists ca n't complain about the public 's taste in news if they hype trivial events , he say .
 egyptian women taking the wheel in male-dominated taxi industry <sec> inas hassan ali is one of only eight female cab drivers in cairo .  she is proud of entering a male-dominated profession .  the job is not without challenges , ali says .  egypt has a high rate of sexual harassment of wome .
 new terrorism alert system will offer specific warnings <sec> new : secretary napolitano says people ignored the old system .  napolitano says the new system will take effect april 26 .  the new system has only two levels , compared to the previous system 's five .  the alerts have an expiration , unless new information comes to ligh .
 long-separated korean families have reunion <sec> families have reunion meeting at resort in north korea , near border .  the south koreans must return home in a few days .  millions of koreans were separated following korean war cease-fire in 1953 .  about 10,000 people applied to participate ; fewer than 200 families approve .
 barcelona down deportivo ahead of ac milan showdown <sec> barcelona warm up for crucial champions league tie with 2-0 win over deportivo la coruna .  catalans need to overturn a 2-goal deficit against ac milan in second leg of last-16 champions league tie .  zlatan ibrahimovic scores twice to rescue paris st germain against nancy in ligue 1 .  in serie a , udinese and roma play out 1-1 dra .
 the science of sevens : meet rugby chemist humphrey kayange <sec> humphrey kayange is the star turn in kenya 's rugby sevens team .  but in his day job he works on research into improving antibiotics to fight disease .  kayange hails from the rift valley , an area renowned for long-distance running not rugby .  terrorist atrocities put bid for kenyan irb sevens event under threat , he admit .
 legendary pianist roger williams dies after battle with cancer <sec> roger williams dies saturday after a battle with pancreatic cancer , his assistant says .  born louis weertz , he won numerous awards over his prolific music career .  he performed for 9 presidential administrations , including that of his friend ronald reagan .  nancy reagan calls him `` a great pianist , a great american and a great friend .
 are dating shows behind the curve when it comes to inclusion ? <sec> a class action lawsuit accuses `` the bachelor '' and `` the bachelorette '' of racial discrimination .  the complaint alleges that the defendants have never featured a person of color in the central role .  many inclusive reality competition shows involve platonic , as opposed to romantic , relationship .
