 world gives hearty welcome to 2010 <sec> in times square , up to 1 million people welcome 2010 with famous ball drop .  though weighing 11,875 pounds , the sparkling sphere was more energy-efficient .  crowds in london gather to hear big ben strike midnight , watch the london eye fireworks .  horns blare in auckland , new zealan .
 eating the mediterranean diet may lead to a longer life <sec> study : women on a mediterranean diet had a key biological marker for slower aging .  mediterranean diets have also been linked to lower cardiovascular problems .  next scientists want to see if one particular food had a bigger impac .
 kim jong il offers unconditional dialogue with south korea <sec> the elders visited the korean peninsula .  kim jong il is `` willing to negotiate '' .  the declaration puts south korea 's lee on the spo .
 three teens disappear from same neighborhood <sec> three girls disappear within five blocks of each other over four years .  police , fbi in cleveland , ohio , looking into hundreds of leads .  investigators not yet sure there 's a connection .  tip ? .  call the fbi at ( 216 ) 522-1400 or cleveland police at ( 216 ) 623-500 .
 4 terror suspects arrested in sweden <sec> new : `` we have been able to prevent a situation , '' a top security analyst says .  police evacuate an art gallery , but will not say whether it is connected to the arrests .  a swat team holds four people in the city of gothenburg .  sweden 's first suicide bomber struck in december , wounding two people in stockhol .
 felix floors jamaican sprint rivals ; bolt cruises into men 's 200m final <sec> allyson felix wins women 's 200m for united states .  second placed shelly-ann fraser-pryce denied sprint double for jamaica .  usain bolt and yohan blake win their semis in men 's 200m .  aries merritt of united states takes men 's 110m hurdle .
 beijing says no to open elections in hong kong <sec> beijing says only candidates approved by a nominating panel can run to lead hong kong .  the city 's current leader insists it 's a step in the right direction .  hong kong 's pro-democracy occupy central movement says it 's a move that stifles democracy .  protesters take to the streets in hong kong and vow more civil disobedienc .
 hong kong rallies in the rain for edward snowden <sec> several hundred protesters took to hong kong 's streets saturday to support edward snowden .  snowden has been hiding out in hong kong since fleeing the united states .  mass speculation that hong kong may not provide safe haven for snowden .  snowden case has resparked simmering fears of beijing 's interference in hong kong 's affairs and freedom .
 riots in bangladesh after death sentence for jamaat-e-islami leader <sec> jaamat-e-islami calls for two-day general strike .  the supreme court imposes the death penalty for abdul quader mollah after an appeal .  the decision sets off rioting ; footage shows cars burning in the streets .  mollah had previously been sentenced to life in priso .
 more social media trouble in steubenville <sec> two teen girls are charged with witness intimidation and menacing .  the girls , ages 15 and 16 , are accused of tweeting threats against a rape victim .  `` enough is enough , '' ohio attorney general says of threats in steubenville case .  the rape case also prominently featured social media message .
 'upskirting ' ban leads to first arrest in massachusetts <sec> `` upskirting '' involves secretly recording or photographing another 's intimate areas in public .  massachusetts ' law stems from a 2010 arrest of a man taking photos up a woman 's dress .  the woman was an undercover police officer .  but those charges were dropped because of wording in the law at the tim .
 japan 's puffer fish capital : delicious and deadly <sec> shimonoseki , japan 's puffer fish capital , is home to a market specializing in the deadly sea creature .  trained specialists need to remove the liver , ovaries , roe and kidneys before the fugu can be served .  japanese fish breeders have developed a nontoxic version , though wild fugu remains popula .
 hulu plus drops price to $ 7.99 <sec> hulu 's premium service hulu plus launched as a preview in july .  service gives subscribers access to all the episodes in a season of popular shows .  hulu plus also lets subscribers watch the shows on your tv or phon .
 dissident chinese artist defiant in first interview since his release <sec> ai weiwei gives his first interview since his release from detention .  communist newspaper the global times describes ai as feisty .  ai 's bail forbids him from using twitter , but he uses the social media platform .  ai , who was arrested for tax evasion , challenges the allegation .
 10 spectacular secret beaches <sec> locals tend to keep secrets when it comes to the best stretches of shore .  northwest of monterey , zmudowski state beach is likely to be largely deserted .  kauapea beach in kauai is actually called `` secret beach '' by the local .
 large plume of black smoke above savannah prompts advisories <sec> new : spokesman : fire crews to remain on site .  a rubber fire begins at a warehouse just west of savannah 's historic riverfront .  no one has been injured , but people are urged not to go outside .  a dense smoke advisory is in effect into sunday mornin .
 isis claims gains and iraq 's largest hydroelectric dam <sec> u.n. warns 200,000 civilians are trapped in a dire circumstances after isis gains .  `` they are in urgent need of basic items including food , water and medicine , '' the u.n. says .  isis controls the country 's most important dam on iraq 's tigris river .  analyst : isis controlling the mosul dam is a `` horrendous prospect .
 what a sprint-t-mobile merger could mean for wireless users <sec> deutsche telekom ag is negotiating a possible sale of t-mobile to sprint nextel corp .  about 56,000 customers abandoned t-mobile usa last year .  by contrast , sprint , at & t and verizon wireless all boosted their subscriber base .
 advocate challenges impartiality of texas prosecutor probing execution <sec> new : texas board members in heated exchange over whether man wrongfully executed .  jury convicted cameron todd willingham after finding he set fire that killed three daughters .  legal advocate questions the objectivity of the texas board 's chairman .  panel 's chairman calls criticism `` personal attacks '' and says , `` we 're being used .
 zimbabwe accuses new minister of terrorism <sec> new zimbabwean minister gaces accusations of banditry , sabotage and terrorism .  roy bennett pulled from aircraft as he was about to fly to south africa .  mdc supporters rallied at police station where bennett was hel .
 this week on marketplace middle east <sec> mme talks to tunisia 's minister of culture and tourism , mehdi houas .  tunisia is in the process of outlining its post revolution roadmap .  the north african country hopes to reinvigorate international business tie .
 hawaii-style fun on the mainland <sec> san diego , california , has a variety of ways to catch the hawaiian spirit .  catamaran resort hotel throws a friday-night luau by mission bay .  try a guided kayak trip to explore the caves at la jolla shore .
 ntsb : spaceshiptwo pilot who died unlocked device early <sec> ntsb : the co-pilot who died unlocked the spacecraft 's feathering device early .  but that still does n't explain why the `` feathering '' system was activated .  the ntsb says it could take months and months to determine the cause of the disaste .
 son of ex-liberian leader sentenced to 97 years in prison <sec> new : sentence reflects `` horror and torture '' visited upon victims , state official says .  new : human rights organization sues taylor on behalf of alleged torture victims .  charles `` chuckie '' taylor jr. sentenced for charges including torture and conspiracy .  son of ex-liberian president convicted october 3 .
 woman dead months after son died of mad cow disease <sec> expert : first case where two members of same family died from mad cow disease .  the mother and son had similar eating habits and may have eaten animal brains .  there have been four deaths in spain from mad cow disease since 200 .
 colsaerts shows strength to stun rivals <sec> nicolas colsaerts unleashed incredible driver of 419-yards on first day in durban .  ernie els stunned by power of belgian after playing alongside younger rival .  thailand 's thongchai jaidee leads the field by three shots following a round of seven-under 65 . .  els and fellow south african louis oosthuizen are joint-second after opening roun .
 triple-amputee veteran gets 'smart ' home on september 11 <sec> marine cpl . .  juan dominguez lost three limbs in an explosion in afghanistan .  tunnel to towers and gary sinise foundations are giving dominguez a home .  dominguez says his new neighbors in temecula , california , have been welcomin .
 why milk , bread and toilet paper when it snows ? <sec> there are some items people rush for prior to a storm .  accuweather.com says new england may be to blame .  one writer wrote she believed she solved the myster .
 'tell somebody , ' if you 're thinking of suicide , says general <sec> brig . .  gen. stephen j. townsend spoke to troops about suicide problem .  do n't hesitate to seek medical attention for a psychological injury , he says .  suicide bad for soldiers , families , units , army , country , says general .  fort campbell 's suicide rate , highest in army , `` is not a good statistic , '' says genera .
 syrian regime approaching collapse , nato chief says <sec> rights group urges rebels to abide by international accords amid report of `` horrible abuses '' .  collapse of syrian regime appears inevitable , nato chief says .  syria 's apparent use of scud missiles is `` reckless , '' anders fogh rasmussen says .  opposition group calls for rebels to protect religious , cultural site .
 israeli government approves more housing in jerusalem <sec> new : the united states calls the israeli move disappointing .  new : britain 's foreign secretary condemns the israeli move .  palestinians say the move proves israel does n't want peace .  israel says it wo n't implement any more freezes on constructio .
 silicon valley to millennials : drop dead <sec> david wheeler : silicon valley does n't create jobs ; it 's wiping out middle-class jobs .  young college graduates are struggling with lack of jobs , yet many still idolize silicon valle .
 purple hearts for fort hood victims could hurt trial , pentagon says <sec> new : `` there is no question this man is guilty , '' gingrich says .  lawmakers want to make fort hood victims eligible for the purple heart .  the pentagon says the `` laudable sentiment '' could hamper the trial of maj. nidal hasan .  a congressional source calls the military 's position `` dead wrong .
 as criticism surfaces , 'kony 2012 ' gains momentum faster than susan boyle <sec> 70 million people have viewed 'kony 2012 ' .  but questions surface about the anti-lra campaign and the nonprofit behind it .  a ugandan military spokesman says the video is 15 years too late .  invisible children admits it simplified a complex issu .
 japanese zookeepers successfully capture fake gorilla <sec> japanese zoo practiced capturing escaped animals by chasing colleague in gorilla suit .  `` i tried to feel what an animal might feel , '' said zookeeper wearing the costume .  in 2004 , the drill was conducted with two men inside rhinoceros costum .
 front-row fanatics at rock in rio <sec> photographer gabriel quintao captures the excitement at the front row of a music concert .  he has been taking photos at the rock in rio festival for years in rio de janeiro .  `` the front row is always unpredictable ; it changes every time , '' he sai .
 cnn student news transcript : june 4 , 2009 <sec> look back at events that led to powerful protests in china 20 years ago .  see china 's reaction to media coverage of a significant anniversary .  check out a new technology that makes lawn care much less manua .
 ex-director of illinois cemetery sentenced in burial scheme <sec> the allegations against burr oak cemetery surfaced in 2009 .  cemetery boss , workers accused of `` double stacking '' graves .  carolyn towns pleads guilty , is sentenced to 12 years in prison .  towns ' attorney says client is `` very remorseful .
 ahmadinejad visits venezuela on first stop of latin america tour <sec> ahmadinejad says his weapons are logic , culture and human values .  he refers to venezuela 's president as his `` dear brother '' .  chavez : venezuela , iran must stop the `` imperial insanity '' of the united states .  the iranian president is on a four-nation latin american tou .
 this is how bad it could have been : atlanta 's ice storm of 1973 <sec> 41 years ago , major ice storm felled trees , power lines across atlanta .  metro area of 1.5 million lost power for up to a week .  families huddled in homes , blocked off rooms , used gas stoves for heat .  this is the storm forecasters feared for the city this wee .
 add this to utah 's list of state symbols : an official firearm <sec> utah 's official state firearm is the john m. browning-designed m1911 pistol .  the designation of a lethal weapon has created controversy .  the legislation 's sponsor says the semi-automatic gun was a military standard for decades .  state rep. carl wimmer denies he 's seeking publicity for a congressional ru .
 bolt , ennis honored at laureus awards <sec> usain bolt and jessica ennis win main prizes at the 2013 laureus world sports awards .  jamaica 's bolt repeated his beijing olympic triple success at london 2012 .  britain 's ennis clinched the heptathlon gold medal at her home games .  u.s. swimmer michael phelps and dominican hurdler felix sanchez also honore .
 anna tsuchiya : kamikaze girl <sec> anna tsuchiya is one of japan 's most recognizable actresses and singers .  born and raised in tokyo by japanese mother and polish-american father .  started as a model and moved into acting before launching musical caree .
 does your facebook feed have a middle east bias ? <sec> concern that people are seeing news only via social media filter .  and they may be getting only one perspective .  this is playing out in current middle east crisi .
 casey kasem 's children hope family will put differences aside <sec> the ailing 82-year-old is in critical condition .  kasem `` wo n't be with us much longer , '' rep says .  `` my dad taught us that family comes first . .  we want to honor him , '' daughter say .
 more west virginians told that tap water is safe to use <sec> new : freedom industries files for bankruptcy protection .  `` do not use '' order lifted for thousands more west virginia homes and businesses .  more than 220,000 west virginians affected by the spill are now cleared to use water .  it 's been eight days since a chemical spill contaminated water supplie .
 islamist extremists wage war across swath of africa <sec> islamist extremism poses a growing threat in parts of north and sub-saharan africa .  extremist groups operating in africa include isis , al qaeda in the islamic maghreb , al shabaab and boko hara .
 quake sets haiti back years , experts say <sec> quake set back efforts to get haiti back on its feet `` by many , many years , '' analyst says .  haiti 's democracy survived after '04 revolt with aid , u.n. peacekeeping mission .  international crisis group official : efforts to build non-corrupt institutions can be salvaged .  professor : haitian economy can not rebuild port-au-prince , so international aid neede .
 occupy central is bigger than hong kong ( opinion ) <sec> hong kong was returned to mainland china from the british commonwealth in 1997 .  william piekos : occupy central brings attention to hong kong 's struggle for democracy .  hong kong citizens are assembling pieces for greater civil participation , piekos say .
 controversial nobel winner resigns <sec> nobel prize-winning biologist resigns from his job after making racist remarks .  james watson worked at the renowned cold spring harbor laboratory .  he won the 1962 nobel prize for his part in discovering the structure of dn .
 group urges burundi to drop new law against homosexuality <sec> human rights watch fears new law risks worsening harsh treatment of gays .  in eastern african nation , jail time for homosexual acts could be up to two years .  homosexuality is illegal in most countries in region , including kenya and uganda .  south africa 's constitution bans discrimination based on sexual orientatio .
 why north korea attack is not a crisis <sec> north korea 's artillery barrage was serious , but this is not a crisis , say co-authors .  they say the action fits pattern of north korea 's behavior and does n't preclude progress .  revelation of a uranium enrichment plant does n't signal escalation in its weapons capability , they say .  u.s. needs to try economic and diplomatic measures to move ahead , they sa .
 spain 's next crisis : regional splits ? <sec> catalonia has requested a 5 billion euro ( $ 6.3 billion ) bailout from the spanish government .  galicia and catalonia will hold regional elections in october and november respectively .  investors are wary that spain could soon need financial support from european bailout fund .
 'furious ' obama orders review of ny plane flyover <sec> new : 911 call : `` there 's a plane falling , there is a big aircraft falling like 9-11 '' .  sen. john mccain `` profoundly disturbed , '' requests investigation .  air force source : planned photo shoot over d.c. monuments cancelled .  youtube video shows new yorkers scrambling as plane screams overhea .
 seattle farmers market features medical marijuana <sec> recommendation from a health care provider needed to shop at the farmers market .  the market operates in a legal gray zone in the state of washington .  organizers hope a bill in the state legislature will give medical pot users better legal footin .
 opinion : 50 years after jfk 's 'ich bin ein berliner ' <sec> president obama is to give a speech in berlin on transatlantic alliance .  it comes on the eve of anniversary of jfk 's famous berlin speech .  kennedy used the occasion to signal his solidarity with people of west berlin .  nicolaus mills says jfk 's overriding point was : when one is enslaved , all of us are not fre .
 chicago to shutter dozens of schools <sec> new : chicago 's mayor says the city , its children have `` paid the price '' for inaction .  new : teachers union says closures would disproportionately affect students of color .  sixty-one buildings , including 53 schools and one program , would close .  chicago public schools says it faces a $ 1 billion defici .
 watch the royal wedding with cnn <sec> watch the marriage of prince william to kate middleton live on cnn and cnn international tv .  you can also see the wedding live on cnn.com , while joining the debate on facebook and ireport .  the event will also be streamed on cnn apps for iphone , ipad and android .  look out for `` cnn presents : the woman who would be queen , '' a revealing look at kate middleton 's fairytale romance hosted by soledad o'brie .
 sources : caroline kennedy withdraws name for senate seat <sec> caroline kennedy had spoken publicly about her desire for clinton 's senate seat .  gov . .  david paterson is charged with appointing replacement until special election .  kennedy is the daughter of former president john f. kenned .
 why tax reform talk a dead end <sec> john avlon : nixon said taxes never popular but can be fair , when top rate was 70 % .  he says today tax rates about half that and still potent issue for dems , gop seeking advantage .  he says taxes should reflect shared sacrifice to restore u.s. ; not for wealth redistribution .  avlon : tax code byzantine , reform tries run into partisan brick wall , taxpayers suffe .
 halloween tv round-up <sec> 'it 's the great pumpkin , charlie brown , ' there is also scarie .  `` halloween h2o : 20 years later '' is just one of the offerings on tv .  the festival of screams includes the third installment of `` the walking dead .
 how women can break into the c-suite <sec> in 2010 , only 15 of the companies on the fortune 500 list were headed by women .  while stats are better than 15 years ago , there 's still plenty of room for female ceos .  it can be tough to do , but try to look at your work environment as being `` gender neutral '' .  women inherently possess certain leadership qualities , so play up strong point .
 echoes of past in pope 's resignation <sec> david perry : pope celestine v , from 1296 , and pope benedict xvi both resigned .  he says benedict likely turned to example of celestine , who codified pope 's right to resign .  does celestine 's reference to `` malignity '' of people find echo in benedict 's resignation letter ? .  perry : some guess pope is fleeing scandal-plagued church ; others think he seeks tranquilit .
 why i feed my cat antidepressants <sec> katie walmsley : i was advised to give my cat antidepressants after she had recurrent illnesses .  walmsley : antidepressants were a last resort , after antibiotics and surgery did n't work .  she says her cat 's behavior and health improved after taking medication .  walmsley : people think giving pets psychotropic medication is a joke , but it has real benefit .
