 steelers ' chuck noll , coach with most super bowl rings , dead at 82 <sec> `` i 'm proud to have played for him , '' says hall of fame quarterback terry bradshaw .  chuck noll , who coached the pittsburgh steelers from 1969 to 1991 , dies at 82 .  the steelers were a perennial nfl doormat until noll took over as head coach .  `` noll never got the credit he deserved '' says don shul .
 opinion : christie 's choice : be seen as a crook or a schnook ? <sec> paul begala : chris christie faces difficult choice between being seen as a crook or a schnook .  he says christie is not convincing playing the victim of his own staff .  begala says the scandal is likely to haunt christie because it fits perceptions of him as a bully .  the investigative and legal process will grind on , to christie 's detriment , begala say .
 vettel claims 'unbelievable ' win <sec> sebastian vettel wins german grand prix for first time .  kimi raikkonen finishes second ahead of lotus team-mate romain grosjean .  red bull 's vettel now 34 points clear in title rac .
 spurs sack sherwood as managerial merry-go-round begins <sec> tottenham hotspur dismiss manager tim sherwood .  southampton coach mauricio pochettino is favorite to take charge of spurs .  sherwood dismissal comes shortly after west brom part ways with pepe me .
 mario balotelli delivers message to critics : 'shut up ' <sec> mario balotelli asks `` do you know me ? .  did you ever talk to me personally ? '' .  balotelli has scored four goals in 24 appearances at liverpoo .
 more snow expected for ice-bound kentucky <sec> new : forecast calls for up to 3 inches of snow following ice storm .  about a quarter-million still without power from last week 's storm .  national guard troops continue visiting houses to check residents ' welfare .  storm blamed for at least 16 deaths , several from carbon-monoxide poisonin .
 what gives ? why are some democrats running from obama care ? <sec> despite obamacare 's successes , some democrats are avoiding being tied to the law .  obama , democratic leaders and party strategists say they think this is a mistake .  politically vulnerable democrats are in an especially tough position on obamacare .  more democrats might be willing to embrace the law 's wins in time , strategists sa .
 family safe after everglades adventure <sec> the schreck family went on an airboat tour of the everglades .  they became lost and had to spend the night in the woods .  they used airhorns to make noise that led rescuers to the .
 obama to visit ghana in july <sec> obama to visit ghana after his trip to italy 's g8 summit in july .  obama also planning to visit egypt , russia this summer .  obama last traveled to africa in 200 .
 three bombings kill 9 in chechnya <sec> new : two blasts took place almost simultaneously shortly after the first , chechen police say .  russia 's interior minister calls it a `` cruel terrorist act '' .  nine were killed , 20 were wounded , russian officials sa .
 q & a : europe 's scramble to solve greek crisis <sec> european leaders are meeting in brussels to try to solve greece 's economic crisis .  france 's sarkozy and germany 's merkel have reportedly thrashed out a plan ahead of summit .  any deal will have to address threat of europe-wide contagion leading to global financial slum .
 dating in the digital age : a roadmap to online love <sec> dating in the digital era can be a rocky road , but in the forthcoming airing of `` inside man , '' morgan spurlock looks to redefine the road tri .
 chilean navy chant offends neighboring countries <sec> a video shows chilean cadets singing an offensive cadence .  the song called for the deaths of peruvians , bolivians and argentineans .  bolivia called it a violation of international charters .  chile has ordered a quick investigatio .
 snowden 's empty plane seat mocks media pack <sec> nsa leaker edward snowden was believed to be flying from moscow to havana .  dozens of journalists boarded the flight he was believed to be traveling on .  cnn 's phil black said a row-by-row search after takeoff found no trace of snowden .  journalists huddled around the empty seat where he had been expected to sit , black sai .
 li na : can chinese star usurp maria sharapova on sport 's rich list ? <sec> li na is one of the world 's richest female athletes following success in recent years .  the australian open champion added $ 2.4 million in prize money to her wealth .  li is poised to sign more deals , says agent she shares with maria sharapova .  li , who will soon turn 32 , has 22 million followers on chinese website weib .
 argentina unveils economic contingency plan <sec> new : much of latin america to struggle in economic crisis , professor predicts .  argentine leader wants to step up domestic consumption amid fall in export demand .  government would set aside about $ 4 billion in funds for consumption .  government also will trim withholding tax for the export of wheat and cor .
 source : cia hired blackwater to help hunt al qaeda leaders <sec> program , begun in 2001 , came to light this year , when it was canceled .  it was part of cia effort to develop possible covert operations overseas .  u.s. official says blackwater 's involvement in program had ended by mid-2006 .  ex-cia director : `` this was not a very prominent thing during my time as director .
 acorn workers caught on tape allegedly advising on prostitution <sec> video shows pair ask acorn employees for advice on setting up prostitution ring .  workers suggest to stop saying `` prostitution , '' use `` performing artist '' on tax forms .  conservative activists james o'keefe , hannah giles pose as pimp and prostitute .  acorn spokesman calls portrayal defamatory , says ruse attempted in other office .
 the philip seymour hoffman we did n't know <sec> philip seymour hoffman a private man who gave all in performance .  hoffman very active in his work : `` i 've seen him tear tickets , '' said colleague .  camaraderie of performing important to actor .  hoffman died sunday of a suspected drug overdos .
 2 norwegians sentenced to death in congo <sec> two norwegians sentenced to death in congo .  both maintain their innocence .  legal charity says evidence obtained through tortur .
 garridos plead not guilty in jaycee dugard kidnapping case <sec> new : phillip and nancy garrido plead not guilty in kidnapping and rape case .  garrido and his wife are accused of snatching jaycee dugard when she was 11 .  nancy garrido entered not-guilty pleas last year , but re-entered them thursday .  phillip garrido is accused of fathering two daughters with dugard during her captivit .
 rafael nadal and roger federer march on in qatar and brisbane <sec> rafael nadal into final against gail monfils at qatar open in doha .  beats qualifier peter gojowczyk in three sets .  top-ranked nadal has never won the qatar title .  roger federer makes semis in brisbane with easy vicoty .
 are we ready for the next global outbreak ? <sec> ebola , sars and swine flu are just a few of the deadly diseases outbreaks in recent years .  global networks provide early warning of potential outbreaks .  airborne diseases pose the biggest threat to global health , say expert .
 9 films to watch at diff 2014 <sec> the durban international film festival ( diff ) is currently on until july 27 , 2014 .  diff , one of the oldest film festivals held annually in africa , will screen 40 feature-length movies this year .  cnn takes a look at the line-up to see what 's being showcased this year .  did we miss one ? .  tell us what film you want to watch in the comments sectio .
 coast guard tries to ease mississippi river traffic jam <sec> low water levels have affected traffic on mississippi river .  bottleneck has developed near greenville , mississipp .
 elizabeth warren 's big opportunity ( opinion ) <sec> sen. elizabeth warren has been handed a big political opportunity , says julian zelizer .  tapes point to signs that u.s. regulators failed to aggressively challenge goldman sachs .  warren says tape expose cozy relationship with a `` too big to fail '' bank .  zelizer : warren could use hearings on goldman as a launching point for a presidential ru .
 alaska volcano erupts 4 times on friday <sec> new : four eruptions jolt alaska 's mount redoubt on friday .  alert level remains at highest possible designation .  mount redoubt has been erupting since sunday .  alaska airlines limits friday flights to and from anchorag .
 mandy moore weds rocker ryan adams <sec> mandy moore and ryan adams married quietly in savannah , georgia .  couple was first spotted together by paparazzi almost a year ago .  he recently announced he is leaving the cardinal .
 jury convicts alabama dad of throwing 4 kids off bridge <sec> lam luong , 38 , admitted throwing the children off the dauphin island bridge .  prosecutors said luong threw the kids so he could see the look on wife 's face .  the four children ranged in age from 3 years to 4 months .  the sentencing phase of luong 's trial will begin frida .
 obama tackles immigration , ferguson at chicago rally <sec> president barack obama commented on the tensions in ferguson before pushing for immigration reform .  he said if republican lawmakers do n't like his executive action that would slow deportations , they should `` pass a bill '' .  obama 's speech was interrupted by hecklers derided the president as `` deporter-in-chief .
 ikea recalls children 's wall lamps over strangulation hazard <sec> there are eight versions of the children 's wall-mounted lamps .  consumers can get a free repair kit from ikea .  the customer service number is : 888-966-4532 .  it can be reached online at www.ikea-usa.co .
 peter parker returns to 'spider-man ' comics <sec> peter parker , out of commission more than a year , returns as spider-man .  peter parker 's return is one of the most anticipated comic book events of recent years .  his loss in late 2012 -- and replacement by dr. octopus in a brain switch -- was controversia .
 pau gasol scores with roles off the court <sec> nba player pau gasol is an ambassador for unicef .  gasol has hands-on role with unicef , visiting communities in need and raising funds for them .  gasol pledged to donate $ 1,000 for every point he scored in game after typhoon haiyan .  he and brother marc gasol started a foundation to help children live healthier live .
 djokovic loses at rome masters , hurting french open preparations <sec> tomas berdych beats novak djokovic for only the second time in 15 attempts .  djokovic fails to serve out the quarterfinal match in rome at 5-3 in the second set .  rafael nadal faces berdych in the last four after beating fellow spaniard david ferrer .  maria sharapova withdraws from her quarterfinal because of illnes .
 adriano released from inter milan contract <sec> brazil international striker adriano released from his contract with inter milan .  27-year-old walked out on club citing depression and saying he needed break .  adriano joined inter in 2001 and scored 48 goals in 123 league appearance .
 relatives , lawyer of shot soccer player reject suspect 's denial <sec> jose jorge balderas garza was arrested in mexico city this week .  he says that he did not shoot salvador cabanas .  mexican authorities released testimony that implicates balderas .  cabanas family says balderas is being dishones .
 world 's 10 most spectacular university buildings <sec> new report details most beautiful university buildings in world .  includes lomonosov moscow state university , world 's tallest university building .  swanston academic building in australia `` catches the eye with its wavy and jagged façade .
 4.4-magnitude earthquake hits los angeles area <sec> los angeles resident : `` i sort of sat up in bed , waited a second , then put my head down '' .  quake happened at 6:25 a.m. , before sunrise . .  shaking `` served as a rude awakening , '' cnn 's alan duke say .
 indiana school vouchers upheld in ruling that could set precedent <sec> indiana has the broadest school voucher program available to a range of incomes .  state supreme court ruling could set a precedent as other states seek to expand their programs .  supporters say it gives families more options but opponents say it is not constitutiona .
 supreme court justices : well off and like to travel <sec> justices release financial disclosure forms .  at least six have investments worth at least $ 1 million .  only sonia sotomayor listed any financial liabilitie .
 missing texas a & m ; football player found <sec> new : wide receiver thomas johnson is safe , police say .  new : police did not say where he was found .  he had been missing since monda .
 spotify and pandora do n't pay off , musicians say <sec> songwriters and musicians say music streaming is n't paying the bills .  jason isbell : spotify and pandora do n't `` add to my income in any way '' .  spotify ceo says he 's open to looking for better ways to pay artists .  songwriters are working on what they call `` fair trade music '' pla .
 cal . teacher accused of staging 'bondage ' photos of his students to be arraigned <sec> an arraignment is set for tuesday in l.a. county for mark berndt , 61 .  the former teacher faces 23 counts of lewd acts involving a child .  he lost his job in january 2011 , then was arrested one year later .  police say his dna matches semen found on spoons in his classroo .
 biker jailed for youtube stunt video <sec> biker jailed for 12 weeks after posting youtube stunts video .  police estimates put his speed at up to 210 kph ( 130 mph ) .  ferenci admitted two counts of dangerous drivin .
 how stay-at-home moms become millionaires <sec> four stay-at-home moms used clever ideas to become business moguls .  michigan mom dorothy gerber went from making her baby 's food to starting a company .  baby einstein began because music and arts educational materials did n't exist for babies .  trying to her baby 's legs warm , led nicole donnelly to start a compan .
 south korean president dismantles coast guard after ferry disaster <sec> president park geun-hye sheds tears as she recalls ferry victims .  she says the coast guard `` failed in its duty to carry out the rescue operation '' .  the sewol ferry sank in the yellow sea en route to a resort island on april 16 .  most of the passengers were students on a high-school field tri .
 horrors of war vivid for d-day heroes <sec> d-day soldiers remember the horrors of war and fallen comrades .  one tells how he survived despite being wounded storming gold beach .  another says he still mourns his best friend and cried after killing a german soldier .  president obama attending 65th anniversary services in france saturda .
 icc postpones kenyan president 's trial to february <sec> trial of kenyan president uhuru kenyatta had been scheduled to start on november 12 .  kenyatta charged in international criminal court with five counts of crimes against humanity .  charges accuse him of funding militia that conducted attacks after disputed 2007 election .  attacks happened six years before kenyatta was elected to presidenc .
 the highs and lows of foreign surrogacy <sec> adrienne arieff develops bond with surrogate in india who gives birth to her twin daughters .  `` the sacred thread '' describes emotional toll of having surrogate on other side of the world .  arieff defends so-called `` rent-a-womb '' industry , says it was a win-win situation for all side .
 2 people missing after tourist boat overturns at philadelphia <sec> new : ntsb launches investigation into boat accident .  teenage girl , 20-year-old man missing after accident .  police said boat had mechanical trouble , engine shut down , barge hit it .  thirty-five of 37 passengers and crew rescu .
 lotus retain grosjean for 2013 season <sec> lotus retain driver romain grosjean for the 2013 formula one season .  the frenchman finished eighth in the drivers ' championship on 96 points .  the 26-year-old was involved in several controversial incidents in 2012 .  grosjean will again partner 2007 formula one world champion kimi raikkone .
 argentine president cristina fernandez de kirchner reappears <sec> argentina 's president appears in public for the first time in more than a month .  president cristina fernandez suggests critics fueled rumors of her demise .  her absence from the public stage sparked widespread speculatio .
 opinion : dick cheney 's amazing chutzpah on iraq <sec> paul waldman : dick cheney has some nerve slamming obama on iraq -- did he mean bush ? .  he says cheney was iraq war 's chief propagandist , insisted hussein had wmds .  waldman : cheney fails to mention the loss of life , trillions spent in iraq on his watch .  waldman : where are his recommendations to solve iraq ? .  he blames obama for his mes .
 disney developing live-action 'mulan ' <sec> after the buzz from 'cinderella ' and 'maleficent , ' disney is planning a live-action take on 'mulan . ' .  mulan is a female warrior and star of the 1998 animated film . .  live action remakes of 'beauty and the beast ' and 'dumbo ' are already in the works .
 royal caribbean cruise cut short after more than 600 are sickened <sec> 577 passengers and 49 crew members report being ill , cdc spokeswoman says .  cause is not clear , though symptoms are consistent with norovirus .  `` if i can get off ( the ship ) , i will , '' says one passenge .
 south dakota indian reservation votes to lift alcohol ban <sec> the pine ridge indian reservation in south dakota votes to lift an alcohol ban .  the decades-old ban stirs debate among members of the oglala sioux tribe .  if the ban is lifted , stores can open on the reservation , taking business from a nearby tow .
 turkish-armenian blogger sentenced to turkish prison for blasphemy <sec> sevan nisanyan accuses turkey 's government of politically persecuting him .  his crime : `` openly denigrating the religious values held by a certain portion of the population . '' .  he says he has been prosecuted simultaneously in three turkish courts .  nisanyan told cnn he recognizes he was deliberately confrontational in cour .
 gop hopefuls should steer clear of britain <sec> timothy stanley : u.s. politicians becoming regular feature in london .  candidates considering visit to london should take second look at map , he say .
 jonathan dwyer formally charged in abuse case <sec> jonathan dwyer was playing for the arizona cardinals until he was arrested .  he was charged with one felony , eight misdemeanors .  his wife told police that he head-butted her during one argument .  there was another argument the next night that drew police to their apartmen .
 app puts women on the map for women 's history month <sec> teen activist group spark researches history 's `` invisible '' women .  stories of women will be shared on google 's field trip ap .
 officers sue cleveland over 2012 police shooting <sec> the nine officers allege racial discrimination .  they are seeking an unspecified amount of damages .  the suit comes on the heels of another high-profile police shooting in clevelan .
 after cancer fight , reality star diem brown dies at 32 <sec> mtv reality star diem brown died friday .  the tv personality had a long battle with cancer .  she also launched the support registry medgift.com for those in nee .
 google rolls out encrypted web search option <sec> google began offering an encrypted option for web searchers on friday .  `` https : //www.google.com '' scrambles the words and phrases you search on .  secure web search option will slow down the initial connectio .
 google tries to fix digital photo overload <sec> google+ is improving its photo editing features to cut down on time needed to share .  hangouts are adding animated gifs , full screen video chats and auto-enhance for video .  photos and hangouts are two of google+ 's biggest breakout feature .
