 california governor proposes changes after cnn investigation <sec> in july , cnn and cir reported widespread fraud in california 's drug rehab program .  the investigation found clinics charging taxpayers for `` ghost '' patients .  all of the clinics featured in the report have shut down .  now , california 's governor wants to increase oversight of the progra .
 smith century puts south africa on top as england wilt in heat <sec> south africa captain graeme smith scores potentially match-winning unbeaten 162 .  hosts reach 312-2 at stumps on third day of third test against england at newlands .  smith adds 230 for second wicket with hashim amla ( 95 ) , a record for the cape town venue .  england were earlier bowled out for 273 , a first-innings deficit of 18 run .
 digital shopfronts use 'connected glass ' to create malls of the future <sec> ebay introduces digital storefronts that converge online and offline shopping .  giant touchscreen windows installed in westfield san francisco center .  shoppers can browse products , order and have them delivered to their door for fre .
 olympics : why these are dark days for a cynic <sec> peter wilkinson : good will descended on this once curmudgeonly isle .  `` i was quite hopeful that something would go marvelously wrong in the british tradition . '' .  commentators opined on page after page that britain had entered a new era , he sai .
 australia : new analysis on mh370 search area this week <sec> the new search area may not be announced as soon as wednesday .  `` we are waiting for the malaysians to get back to us , '' a senior australian official says .  analysts have been re-evaluating satellite and radar data .  the search area is expected to move farther south in the indian ocea .
 green roofs cool cities , combat climate change , say germans <sec> green roofs date back to before the time of the vikings .  not just aesthetic , they help fight against climate change , especially in cities .  germany 's green roof market is the biggest , making up 10 percent of all flat roofs .  supporters say government support is need to spur growth elsewher .
 tsa testing electronic document checkers at select airports <sec> the pilot program is aimed at verifying boarding passes and ids of passengers .  dulles airport is the first of three airports to get the machines .  the program will also be tested in houston and san juan .  the devices are designed to check documents in a `` matter of seconds , '' tsa official say .
 oprah : our collective confessional <sec> oprah winfrey has a reputation for being a master of confessional tv .  stars turn to her because she creates a comfortable atmosphere .  the idea of confession and renewal is also a part of her brand .  her latest `` celebrity confessional '' will be lance armstron .
 opinion : changing the subject : the misdirection of a president <sec> grover norquist argues that president obama will change the topic at tuesday 's state of the union address .  norquist : obama will likely talk about his new favorite topic of income inequality .  norquist : obama does not want to talk about his record job creatio .
 what it is in the new intelligence bill <sec> new : senate votes 69-28 to update of to intelligence law wednesday .  new : sen. obama votes for bill ; sen. mccain not in senate for vote .  technological changes require update of foreign intelligence surveillance act .  opponents object to the bill 's de facto immunity for telecom companie .
 opinion : disease-carrying mosquito on its way <sec> writers : global warming does n't just hurt polar bears ; it can help spread disease .  writers : chikungunya-carrying asian tiger mosquito 's range expands as nation warms .  they say the illness is spreading in caribbean and is highly likely to spread to the u.s . .  writers : we need to act on relationship between climate change and infectious diseas .
 kentucky derby : the race that always runs -- whatever the weather <sec> build-up to the kentucky derby overshadowed by severe storms nationwide .  two inches of rain fell on monday alone and on-track training had to be delayed .  one trainer likened the downpour to a scene from the comedy film caddyshac .
 japan airlines to cut workforce in restructuring plan <sec> japan airlines submits its bankruptcy plan .  the airline will cut roughly 16,00 jobs , or one-third of its workforce .  the airline collapsed under a mountain of debt .  it is one of japan 's largest-ever corporate failure .
 thousands gather in cairo 's tahrir square for protest <sec> some protesters plan an 18-day stay in tahrir square .  many egyptians have said reforms have not come fast enough .  protests earlier this year forced president hosni mubarak to resign .  the military has taken over the government since mubarak resigne .
 two charged in sydney counter-terror arrests <sec> two sydney men have been charged as part of an ongoing counter-terror operation .  one is charged with possessing documents designed to facilitate a terror attack in australia .  he faces a maximum sentence of 15 year .
 troubled youth run 'old skool ' bistro <sec> the old skool cafe in san francisco is helping troubled youth realize their potential .  they run the 1940s-style restaurant while getting valuable career training and support .  founder teresa goines was a juvenile corrections officer in southern california .  do you know a hero ? .  nominations are open for 2013 cnn heroe .
 cry endangered wolf ? not in wyoming . gray wolf back from near extinction <sec> environmentalists decry decision as a `` return to the days of random wolf killing '' .  gray wolf makes a comeback in wyoming and will be taken off endangered list .  milestone means the animal has recovered throughout the northern rockies .  americans can now `` 'hear its howl echo across the area .
 7 things to watch for in the cnn florida debate <sec> rick scott and charlie crist take part in a debate tuesday night hosted by cnn and wjxt . .  the biggest elephant in the room is crist 's use of a fan last week that led to scott protesting the debate . .  the final debate could come down to whether a candidate makes a zinger that sticks with voters .
 united fight back to earn stunning draw <sec> manchester united fight back from 3-0 down to earn a draw at chelsea .  two wayne rooney penalties sparked the recovery in the second half .  the result leaves united two points behind manchester city in premier league .  newcastle defeat aston villa 2-1 to move up to fifth , a point behind chelse .
 does golf increase your stress ? <sec> golf is especially stressful , says sports psychologist victor thompson .  thompson says that it can be even tougher playing with your friends .  study shows recreational golfers feel more angry and depressed after playing .  stress may be bad for you , but golf can still be good for your healt .
 by the numbers : end of world war ii <sec> world war ii came to an end 68 years ago when japan formally surrendered .  millions of people , both military and civilian , were killed during six years of conflict .  approximately 6 million people died in nazi concentration camp .
 nypd arrests man in killing of 'baby hope ' <sec> juarez , the girl 's cousin , is charged with murder .  he admitted to the crime saturday morning , police say .  a tipster led police to make the arrest , police sa .
 'game of thrones ' : kings will clash in a bloody season 2 <sec> second season of `` game of thrones '' promises more intrigue , bloodshed .  multiple contenders vie for the throne as war looms in westeros .  emmy-winner peter dinklage 's character , tyrion , becomes a political player .  the hbo series is based on george r.r . .  martin 's `` a song of ice and fire '' novel .
 solar cars still a way off <sec> the 2010 toyota prius , due this spring , will have an optional solar panel on its roof .  the panel will power a cooling system without help from the engine .  one company also makes a roof-mounted solar panel for current prius models .  but it 's a long way from the new prius to a solar-powered car , experts sa .
 anxieties of 'modern times ' still with us <sec> charlie chaplin 's 1930s film depicted anxiety of workers unable to get ahead .  julian zelizer says many of its themes resonate in today 's hard times .  while workers have made progress , they remain at the mercy of economy , he says .  zelizer : politicians not dealing with crisis ; private sector has not offered solution .
 opinion : how to be rich and believe in equality <sec> john macintosh : rich egalitarians are being tested as never before .  he says those 1 percenters who oppose inequality do n't share views of populists .  macintosh : poor are n't poor because the rich are rich ; there are structural causes .  he says wealthy should pay more in taxes but as part of a plan to invest in society 's futur .
 depression increases risk of stroke , study says <sec> depression increased the risk of ischemic stroke .  depression increases the risk of heart attacks ( and especially fatal ones ) .  people who are depressed are more likely to smoke or drink heavil .
 pat conroy 's new memoir on the 'death of santini ' <sec> pat conroy 's `` the death of santini '' is a memoir about his family .  conroy 's troubled relationship with his father fueled several novels .  the author has sympathy for his mother , but some of his siblings do n't .  conroy is best known for `` the prince of tides '' and `` the great santini .
 made in china and india ? xi jinping meets narendra modi <sec> leaders of world 's most populous countries meet in india this week .  china 's xi jinping and india 's narendra modi both facing similar challenges .  xi has spoken of combing the `` world 's factory '' and the `` world 's back office '' .  border skirmish between indian and chinese forces in ladakh weigh on relation .
 kerry and iranian foreign minister talk nukes , imprisoned americans <sec> u.s. secretary of state , iranian foreign minister meet on sidelines at security conference .  they talked about iran 's agreement to halt its most sensitive nuclear operations .  in november , iran said it would stop some in exchange for lessening of sanctions .  they also discussed americans held by iran , u.s. official say .
 7 ways air travel changed after air disasters <sec> after disaster , new tech and performance regulations prevent the same thing recurring .  the faa was formed as a result of a collision between two planes in 1956 .  after air france flight 447 crashed , many airlines changed how pilots are traine .
 how americans really use cell phones <sec> new pew survey explores cell phone usage and the pros and cons of having a phone .  study finds not having fast mobile access to info can cause problems .  more cell phone owners use mobile e-mail ( 38 % ) than mobile social media ( 29 % ) .  pew says 30 % of smartphone owners have not downloaded app .
 qatar judge overturns conviction of u.s. couple in child 's death <sec> `` we are deeply concerned about new delays that have prevented their departure , '' says kerry .  new arrest warrant issued for american couple , doha news reports .  the development comes after a judge voided their conviction in their daughter 's death .  prosecutors accused them of starving the girl to deat .
 5 things : what to watch for saturday at the world cup <sec> there will be four world cup games , in four locations , on saturday .  the most highly anticipated matchup may be between england , italy .  they 'll meet in the amazon city of manaus ; field conditions are a concern .  greece , uruguay , japan , ivory coast , costa rica and colombia will also pla .
 brazilian tv host ordered killings , police say <sec> wallace souza is a legislator and former host of a police tv show , `` canal livre '' .  authorities : souza would order slayings , then have camera crews arrive on scene .  police also say souza is a drug trafficker ; souza 's lawyer denies the accusations .  despite charges he faces , souza remains free because of legislative immunit .
 how cambodia is healing from khmer rouge genocide <sec> phnom penh , the cambodian capital , fell to the genocidal khmer rouge 40 years ago today .  at least 1.7 million people were killed in the subsequent four years , before the regime was driven out .  decades on , the country is still struggling to gain justice for victims and heal from the genocid .
 will you commute via 'personal rapid transit ? ' <sec> personal rapid transit cars seat four to six people and go directly to their destinations .  advocates say they could ease congestion , tame urban sprawl , get people out of their cars .  critic says prt is a naive concept , other modes of transportation are better .  san jose is one of the u.s. cities seriously considering pr .
 three strong earthquakes strike chile in quick succession <sec> new : president sebastian pinera says there 's no curfew for now and reiterates call for calm .  pinera to send `` necessary armed forces , '' declare area a catastrophe zone .  first quake hit at 11:39 a.m. local time ; second 16 minutes later ; third 27 minutes later .  first shook the ground near chilean coast ; epicenter about 90 miles from valparais .
 lucille ball fans want statue removed <sec> facebook group wants lucille ball statue replaced with a new one .  mayor says he does not want to spend taxpayer money on fixing statu .
 biden : 'no doubt ' syria unleashed chemical attack , must pay price <sec> new : u.s. president , british prime minister talk about the situation in syria .  new : syria 's info minister challenges u.s. to present proof , or risk losing public opinion .  `` the syrian regime are the only ones who have the weapons , '' vp biden says .  u.s. and british militaries , at least , preparing plans for possible strike in syri .
 boxing promoter offers chris brown , drake $ 1 million each to duke it out <sec> the promoter also says he asked singer rihanna to be a ring girl at the bout .  the alleged brawl between brown and drake is being investigated by police .  basketball star tony parker was also hurt in the fight at a new york club .  50 cent says he thinks chris brown would wi .
 finnish pm : eurozone nations must follow the rules <sec> five countries have all requested bailouts -- greece , ireland , portugal , spain and cyprus .  katainen said the crisis is serving as a `` very hard lesson '' to many eurozone countries .  a banking union regulated by the european central bank that will become active in 201 .
 franken declares senate race win after state ruling <sec> norm coleman to make public statement tuesday .  al franken : state ruling on monday is `` incredibly humbling '' .  state board : franken won senate race recount by 225 votes .  minnesota high court wo n't let norm coleman consider rejected absentee ballot .
 clinton : republicans are denying u.s. clean energy jobs <sec> on clean energy , clinton says gop `` denying people jobs and middle-class incomes '' .  political answer is a departure from the nonpartisan answers clinton gave months ago .  clinton calls concerns over hydraulic fracturing legitimate and pressin .
 moroccan king concedes powers in radical blueprint for change <sec> moroccans will vote for the constitution in a referendum slated for july 1 .  king mohammed 's role would be that of `` citizen king '' .  mohammed says the constitution will guarantee independence of the judiciary .  human rights would be safeguarded by the constitutio .
 hamilton tops rain-soaked british gp practice as fans told to stay away <sec> mclaren 's lewis hamilton tops rain-soaked british gp practice .  williams ' bruno senna crashes out at silverstone after losing control of his car .  ferrari 's fernando alonso loses his front wing due to collision with the wall .  organizers tell some fans to stay away from saturday qualifyin .
 i survived ebola , but villagers shunned me <sec> the who reported 844 cases including 518 deaths since the ebola epidemic began in march .  saa sabas says he caught the virus from his father who died from the disease .  despite recovering , he says he was stigmatized by his community .  `` now , over time , they have learned to accept me . .  now they call me 'anti-ebola , ' '' he say .
 u.s. official : american detained in north korea had proper visa <sec> official says a u.s. citizen detained in north korea had a valid visa .  the u.s. is working closely with swedish officials on the case .  kenneth bae entered north korea in november .  state media : he committed an unspecified crime against the countr .
 libya 's parliament approves new government <sec> a total of 83 of 93 members present voted in favor of pm ahmed mitig 's government .  eu envoy describes the situation as the country 's worst crisis since 2011 .  retired libyan general has called for new , civilian council to replace interim parliamen .
 g-20 battleline : stimulus versus austerity <sec> g-20 summit of world leaders takes place in toronto .  a dividing line is forming between austerity and stimulus .  the u.s. cautions against reducing stimulus packages too soon .  europeans say mounting public debt threatens their economie .
 $ 30 gadget lets you control computer with your eyes <sec> uk scientist pioneers cost-effective headset that enables a wearer 's eyes to control a computer .  neuroscientist , dr aldo faisal has used components which can be bought in a shopping mall .  faisal hopes to use technology in combination with neurological science to help sufferers of disabilitie .
 2013 : the year in video gaming <sec> release of xbox one , playstation 4 topped 2013 gaming news .  both consoles have sold millions , aiming for slightly different buyers .  mobile gaming advanced with new iphone chip .  social gaming giant zynga continued to tank in 201 .
 gop 's rubio rips obama , says his plans will hurt middle class <sec> new : sen. rubio says `` more government '' -- and obama 's plans -- will `` hold you back '' .  new : `` unconstitutionally undermining '' second amendment rights is wrong , he adds .  the floridian delivered the official republican rebuttal to obama 's state of the union .  he referenced his personal story as a son of immigrants , while touting gop position .
 amateur golfer , 70 , overcomes heartbreaking adversity <sec> world amateur handicap championship brings together over 3,000 golfers .  bob yelton has battled personal adversity to tee up for 29th straight time .  his wife died before last year 's tournament and he had heart attack this year .  baseball star roger clemens among competitors in 2012 tournamen .
 jason segel not involved in 'muppets ' sequel <sec> jason segel told collider he wo n't be signing up for another round with kermit and co .  `` it 's true [ that i wo n't be in the sequel ] , '' said segel .  segel said he wants `` to pursue more human-related projects .
 american ers prepare as ebola and ebola fear spreads <sec> new : nephew : hospital gave duncan inferior treatment because he was black .  emergency rooms in the united states are preparing for possible cases .  doctor : some people are already coming into hospitals worrying they have ebola .  spain 's government sets up committee to probe the ebola crisis ther .
 hardest-working saint in real estate <sec> with home sales falling , some sellers seek divine intervention .  tradition says burying st. joseph statues will help sell houses .  sales of statues are bris .
 pick a name for this pangolin : pemalu , bảo , percival , sandshrew or lance <sec> vote below to rename this pangolin , who is currently called p26 .  john sutter says p26 is no name for such an interesting animal .  the pangolin is a scale-covered mammal that 's illegally trafficked by the ton .  it 's thought to be the most trafficked mammal in the worl .
 market slumps for $ 3,000 luxury cell phones <sec> the luxury phone market is in decline because of the recession .  uber-high-end phones are more popular outside the u.s . .  vertu makes luxury phones that start at $ 6,000 and go up in price .  some phones pair with designer brands or are made from rare material .
 pilot : whoever changed flight path was an expert <sec> robert goyer : new clues suggest that flight 370 did n't change course randomly .  goyer : only a professional pilot can program specific route pathways .  he believes that whoever altered the flight path was someone with expertis .
 ukraine general arrested in decapitation case <sec> ukrainian general arrested in connection with murder of journalist .  georhiy gongadze abducted in september 2000 and later found decapitated .  gen. alexei pukach , who has been on the run for years , was captured tuesda .
 nfl : patriots used under-inflated footballs <sec> nfl says `` evidence thus far supports the conclusion '' under-inflated balls were used .  the league says it has hired an investigation firm to help with forensic evidenc .
 pope preaches to thousands at cameroon mass <sec> tens of thousands of people pack soccer stadium in cameroon for pope 's mass .  pope tells followers that god has not forgotten orphans , poor and abused .  he did not mention condoms after sparking controversy earlier in the wee .
 vladimir putin 's bad week <sec> james nixey says putin 's bad week may be good for russia .  he says for russian leaders greatness lies in domination .  and that is especially true for the nations that were part of its empire .  but for russia , that is expensive and ultimately can not wor .
