 sweden 's incredible ice orchestra <sec> orchestra playing ice instruments stages winter concerts in sweden .  people surprised at how beautiful ice can sound , says instrument maker .  expat american tim linhart has organized ice concerts throughout world .  next on his drawing board : a plane made from ic .
 south korea : north resumes firing <sec> new : talks still on for monday in north korean border town , south korean official says .  north says firing of artillery shells is part of an annual training drill .  inter-korean talks still set for monday , yonhap cites s. korean official as sayin .
 military revising security procedures after attack on cia <sec> senior official : `` after any serious incident we evaluate the circumstances '' .  new security guidance has gone out to u.s. bases across afghanistan , official says .  intelligence official : attack believed to come from `` the highest levels '' of al qaeda .  guidance meant to adjust procedures quickly on a large scale , official say .
 executive : did michael jackson need a straitjacket before his death ? <sec> `` he is having a mental breakdown , '' aeg live ceo tim leiweke wrote .  cfo : `` is it 'pre-show nerves ' bad or 'get a straight jacket/call our insurance carrier ' bad ? '' .  at his deposition , leiweke said he did n't know if `` breakdown '' referred to jackson .  jackson 's mother and children are suing the concert promoter for liability in his deat .
 celebrity calendars thrill fans , one day at a time <sec> celebrity calendars still the rage among fans .  calendars featuring stars and beautiful women among top sellers .  limited-edition campari calendar features international starlet .
 hands-on first impressions of apple 's ios 6 <sec> apple introduced the next generation of its mobile operating system , ios 6 , this week .  while certain features are n't fully baked yet , it 's clear that this is a solid os update .  the ios 6 platform has heavily integrated social media and sharing functions with siri .  we tested ios 6 on an ipad and not an iphone , so we ca n't explore all its new feature .
 sanath jayasuriya : sri lanka 's humble cricketing hero <sec> sri lankan cricketer recognized as changing the way one-day cricket is played .  the first cricketer to be a u.n . .  goodwill ambassador .  sri lanka 's highest run scorer in test matches and one-day international .
 'sons ' actor 'a threat , ' his probation report said <sec> the report says lewis suffered chemical dependency and mental health issues .  police are seeking to determine what sparked the rampage that led to landlord 's killing .  lawyer says his client was diagnosed with chemically induced psychosi .
 tracking devices keep tabs on hotel linens <sec> linen technology tracking has patented a towel-tracking rfid chip .  three hotels currently use it , the company 's executive vice president said .  the chips prevent thefts and help managers keep rooms stocke .
 u.n. chief says ivory coast risks a return to civil war <sec> new : incumbent president says he is willing to have election results reviewed .  ban ki-moon says the situation in the ivory coast is increasingly volatile and violent .  he accuses security forces there of intimidation , abductions and killings .  the ivory coast has fallen into chaos since a disputed presidential election last mont .
 ex-cops charged in beating death of kelly thomas found not guilty <sec> the victim 's mother says the officers got away with murder .  the verdict was read in a santa ana , california , courtroom monday afternoon .  eight women and four men began deliberating the case last thursday .  the beating was recorded by security cameras on the night of july 5 , 201 .
 net neutrality crusaders slam verizon , google <sec> net neutrality supporters say google-verizon proposal for web-policy rules does n't go far enough .  the two companies have been working together on the issue for almost a year .  net neutrality supporters are concerned about wireless networks being left out of the proposa .
 cher in bed with virus ; tour 's next leg delayed <sec> doctors ordered cher to bed rest for an acute viral infection .  cher 's next shows in albany , new york , and manchester , new hampshire , are delayed .  she is expected to return to the stage in allentown , pennsylvania , on monda .
 n.h. mom missing ; baby discovered in car with engine running <sec> krista dittmeyer , 20 , has not been seen since saturday .  her 14-month-old daughter was left in her running car .  relatives say she never would have left the child alon .
 'curly sue ' actress opens up on sobriety battle <sec> `` curly sue '' actress alisan porter talks about her road to sobriety .  the former child star says she 's been sober since 2007 .  her family is one of the ways she maintains perspective on tough day .
 missing michigan doctor 's body identified after discovery in lake <sec> body of the 30-year-old medical resident discovered in indiana lake april 6 .  patrick failed to show up for work in michigan december 6 .  investigators combing through 20 minutes of youtube and surveillance video .  family , investigators trying to piece together what happene .
 will bin laden 's death free the taliban to make peace ? <sec> clinton sees death of osama bin laden as a potential avenue to peace .  u.s. secretary of states says muslims are `` rejecting extremist narratives '' .  polls suggest that the appeal of al qaeda is eroding among muslims around the world .  the taliban shielded bin laden in afghanistan for a tim .
 'gossip girl ' finale hits season high <sec> the final episode of `` gossip girl '' delivered 1.5 million viewers and a 0.8 rating among adults 18-49 .  over on nbc , a preview of `` 1600 penn '' performed somewhat modestly .  `` 2 broke girls '' slipped due to `` the voice '' expanding into the 9 p.m. hou .
 egypt sends stern warning to pro-morsy protesters <sec> egypt 's interim leader reportedly urges protesters to end their `` incitement and hateful speech '' .  the warning comes on the heels of violent clashes in the nation 's capital .  mohamed morsy has not been seen publicly since the military forced him from offic .
 putin honorees include murder suspect lugovoi <sec> russian president honors more than 30 people , including chechen president ramzan kadyrov .  also honored : andrei lugovoi , charged by the uk with london murder of former russian security agent .  russian ambassador to the u.s. is cited as `` honored employee of a diplomatic service .
 why islam forbids images of mohammed <sec> objections to portrayal of mohammed `` rooted in the notion of idol worship , '' professor says .  the muslim disapproval of depicting prophets extends to jesus and moses , imam says .  in globalization age , non-muslims and critics of islam have felt free to depict mohamme .
 opinion : we need to fund bombing prevention <sec> robert liscouski : improvised explosive devices are one of the biggest threats to the u.s . .  liscouski : how can we prevent attacks like the marathon bombing ? .  he says one way is to increase the budget for the office of bombing prevention .  liscouski : the resources will help train those who are on the front line of defens .
 lorenzo to miss motogp season finale <sec> jorge lorenzo will miss the final race of the 2011 motogp season .  the spaniard is still recovering from plastic surgery on his finger .  sunday 's race in valencia is the first since the death of marco simoncell .
 morrissey injured in dog attack <sec> morrissey sustained hand and arm injuries after being attacked by a dog .  an x-ray revealed a fractured index finger on his right hand .  despite the injury , morrissey will roll on with his european tou .
 death of man restrained by nypd ruled homicide <sec> medical examiner 's office : death of ronald singleton , who died in police custody , is ruled a homicide .  his death occurred four days before controversial choke-hold death of eric garner on staten island .  garner 's death police sparked national outrage and calls for a federal civil rights investigatio .
 nadal victory gives verdasco london place <sec> rafael nadal beats holder jo-wilfried tsonga to reach paris masters semifinals .  nadal will now face novak djokovic who saw off sweden 's robin soderling .  tsonga 's defeat means fernando verdasco is assured a place in the atp world finals in londo .
 how paul walker helped create a fast and furious box-office franchise <sec> `` fast and the furious '' movie franchise has taken more than $ 2 billion worldwide through ticket sales .  the future of the series is now being considered following the death of star paul walker .  more than 60 % of its box office has come from international , boosted by china in recent years .  the series floundered for several years when its two leads were absen .
 israeli cult leader charged with enslavement , rape <sec> goel ratzon , 60 accused of living with 21 wives .  ratzon allegedly controlled women in a cult-like structure .  indictment says authorities knew of his cult for 10 year .
 chinese couple cap comeback with figure skating gold <sec> china 's shen xue and zhao hongbo claim figure skating pairs gold .  husband-wife team had returned to competition after two-year absence .  south korea 's mo tae-bum wins gold in men 's 500-meter speed skating .  japan claims silver and bronze in men 's 500-meter speed skatin .
 tight security in shanghai as federer appears after death threat <sec> security stepped up at shanghai masters in china .  top seed roger federer subject of online death threat .  federer makes public appearances saturday despite threat .  bidding to protect no.1 ranking from novak djokovi .
 5 apps to celebrate laziness <sec> snooze is a ios app that donates 25 cents every time you go back to sleep .  crowdmug lets you trade cash for pics of the scene at local bars and restaurants .  duodater is a new dating site so you can go on double dates with your friend .
 gas pipe deal aims to end russia 's monopoly <sec> nabucco pipeline would run from through bulgaria , romania and hungary .  project is budgeted at €7.9 billion ( about $ 11 billion ) .  russia has proposed a rival pipeline through southeastern europ .
 peter dinklage joins 'x-men ' cast as bolivar trask <sec> the full cast of x-men reunited at comic-con .  they discussed details of the upcoming 'days of future past ' .  peter dinklage announced he will play bolivar trask .  the film finds the characters time travelin .
 yemen protesters : 'first mubarak , now ali ' <sec> clashes reported between protesters and police .  president delays visit to the united states .  government forces set up a barbed wire barricade to block protesters .  echoes of egypt 's revolution have resonated across the regio .
 head of minerals management service leaves post <sec> obama says he does n't know if elizabeth birnbaum was fired or resigned on her own .  interior secretary says the mms service director resigned ; sources say she was fired .  interior department report cited inappropriate relationship between inspectors , oil industry .  legislation has been introduced in part to help crack down on the mm .
 how space exploration has impacted our health <sec> space exploration has provided us with numerous medical benefits .  space shuttle engines have influenced an ingenious heart pump .  measuring infrared radiation of the planets has revolutionized the thermometer .  nasa put the first men on the moon 40 years ago on july 20 , 196 .
 hurricane bertha now category 3 storm <sec> new : bertha 's winds increase from 115 mph to 120 mph .  bermuda could be affected by the hurricane this weekend .  likelihood of storm making landfall in u.s. is very small .  bertha is the first hurricane of the 2008 atlantic hurricane seaso .
 u.s. christian , muslim leaders to return from seeking hikers ' release <sec> josh fattal and shane bauer have been held as spies for more than two years .  muslim american and christian leaders are returning from iran , group says .  the group was in iran at the invitation of president mahmoud ahmadineja .
 harsh putin critic alexei navalny given prison sentence <sec> new : mikhail gorbachev : using the judiciary against political foes `` not acceptable '' .  russian court hands vladimir putin critic alexei navalny a 5-year sentence .  human rights watch : prosecution aims `` to silence a leader and messenger '' .  navalny wants to run for mayor of moscow , but the conviction will prevent thi .
 seychelles ' gunboats keep pirates from 'blue gold ' <sec> seychelles ' fishermen have been targets of somali pirates .  piracy forced authorities to introduce zones that restrict fishermen 's movements .  attacks have decreased , but restrictions hurt fishing industr .
 wife of american who went missing at lake pleads for help <sec> new : mexico authorities give conflicting accounts over suspects .  tiffany and pam hartley appear on several talk shows monday .  david michael hartley disappeared september 30 after pirate attack , wife say .
 tycoon pleads not guilty in pop star 's murder <sec> lebanese pop singer suzanne tamim found with throat slit in dubai apartment .  hisham moustafa , egyptian tycoon and lawmaker , tells court he did not order murder .  egyptian chief prosecutor alleges former police officer paid to carry out killing .  case creates strong interest in the middle eas .
 chinese artist says he 's under house arrest <sec> ai weiwei says he had planned a party to `` observe '' a government order to raze his studio .  ai says he was not allowed to leave his house .  his house is guarded by police , he say .
 argentina cruise ships caught in diplomatic storm <sec> argentina bars entry to two bermuda-flagged ships after they visit falklands .  cnn 's robin oakley aboard the 750-passenger adonia on 87-day journey around south america .  territorial dispute between britain and argentina over control of falklands intensifying in recent month .
 air force veteran pleads not guilty to terror-related charges <sec> tairod nathan webster pugh enters not guilty plea to terror-related charges .  pugh flew to turkey on january 10 , authorities say .  authorities allege a letter on his laptop told his wife he was a mujahedee .
 congressional leaders initially pushed back on bergdahl swap <sec> republicans and democrats raised concerns with the obama administration .  but they say they were ultimately ignored after getting assurances they 'd be consulted .  the white house signed off on a deal to free bowe bergdahl without notifying congress .  senior lawmakers are dismayed , house may hold a hearin .
 some cnn social media accounts hacked <sec> cnn 's main facebook account and twitter page were among those compromised .  several cnn blogs were also affected .  the posts were deleted within minutes and the accounts have been secured .  some posts claimed the syrian electronic army was responsibl .
 cover story : soaps are hot , just not in the u.s . <sec> american soap operas often pull larger audiences abroad .  soaps across the globe are also enjoying popularity .  telenovelas are hot right now in the u.s. and pulling in big rating .
 hundreds killed in pakistan flooding <sec> flooding in pakistan has left more than 420 people dead and nearly 3,000 injured , official says .  the floods , which have also displaced some 350,000 people , follow monsoon rains .  pakistan was also hit by devastating floods last year and in 201 .
 dna tests on bone fragment inconclusive in amelia earhart search <sec> tests on bone fragment proves inconclusive .  group is trying to learn fate of aviator amelia earhart .  she and navigator fred noonan disappeared in 1937 during flight around the world .  some believe they crash landed on a pacific islan .
 survey : americans feel churches should n't meddle in politics <sec> survey : republicans change view more than others on church and politics .  small majority of americans think churches should n't endorse candidates .  researcher : survey does n't mean basic conservative philosophy is changin .
 what happened to spirit of 9/12 ? <sec> julian zelizer : politicians of both parties pledged to work together after 9/11 .  he says that bipartisan spirit after attacks evaporated quickly .  zelizer says democrats , gop clashed over status of tsa workers .  he says partisan forces too powerful for most politicians to overcom .
 a game changer for syria ? <sec> randa slim : the peace plan for syria proposed by kofi annan is doomed to fail .  slim : after more than a year of uprisings , syria is still stuck in a violent stalemate .  she says one possible game changer is if the protests in syria become more widespread .  slim : members in local councils are syria 's best hope for future leadershi .
 defense begins campaign to save boston bomber 's life <sec> defense expected to show dzhokhar tsarnaev as a puppet of his dominant older brother .  a deadlocked jury would result in an automatic life sentence for tsarnae .
 billy graham 'responding well ' to pneumonia treatment , doctor says <sec> new : billy graham has pneumonia , according to mission hospital in asheville , n.c . .  new : graham is stable and `` responding well to antibiotic treatment , '' a pulmonologist says .  the 93-year-old evangelist was admitted to the hospital on wednesday .  he is in `` good spirits '' and resting comfortably , his spokesman say .
 10 % failure rate for u.s. beach water quality <sec> report : 10 % of water samples from u.s. beaches fail standards for swimmer safety .  thirty-five beaches rated as `` superstars '' for water quality .  seventeen beaches labeled as `` repeat offenders '' for continuous violation .
 family : american detained in abu dhabi for taking photos is freed <sec> `` we 're relieved and happy with this news , '' family spokeswoman says .  family : robert alan black was `` charged with taking pictures of restricted areas '' .  a court frees him after finding he had `` no ill-intention , '' says a spokeswoman .  the creativity consultant had been in the united arab emirates for a conferenc .
 maine judge rejects quarantine for nurse kaci hickox <sec> nurse kaci hickox calls court decision a `` good compromise '' .  judge rejects ebola quarantine for hickox , loosens restrictions .  `` we are not trying to get anyone sick , '' her boyfriend says .  ted wilbur , her boyfriend , says quarantine of aid workers will affect their partners as wel .
 obama 's running out of excuses on economy <sec> william bennett : u.s. economy continues to experience poor job growth .  he says president obama is n't proposing any bold ideas .  obama tends to place blame for economic woes on bush administration , bennett says .  bennett : obama 's campaign is focusing on worn-out proposals , attacks on romne .
 malian troops take key town ; humanitarian crisis grows <sec> a humanitarian group says many injured fear going to hospitals .  paris-match : terrorist leader spells out demands and talks about the algeria attack .  france may send more troops to prevent islamist terrorists from controlling mali .  the international community fears mali could become a hub for terrorist .
 famu students protest governor 's call for president to resign <sec> florida gov . .  rick scott wants famu president james ammons to step down amid hazing investigation .  the famu trustees chairman says a `` very difficult decision '' will be made monday .  famu has been a focal point since last month 's death of a drum major after alleged hazing .  authorities found evidence of `` financial irregularities '' at the school , a state official sai .
 terror at council meeting : 'i jumped him from behind ' <sec> new : suspect to cnn affiliate : `` they tormented me for 23 years . .  i could n't take it '' .  new : court documents : shooter tells police he expected to be killed .  man who helped tackle gunman : `` we did what we had to do '' .  newell apparently had an ongoing dispute with the township over property right .
 time added to 2008 allows for longer smooch <sec> a leap second will be added to atomic clocks on new year 's eve .  additional second is needed because the earth `` wobbles '' .  world 's official timekeepers will add the second to atomic clock .
 federer and djokovic drawn for repeat of 2011 french open classic <sec> novak djokovic and roger federer in same half of french open draw .  scene set for repeat of 2011 roland garros classic semifinal won by federer .  rafael nadal opens against simone bolelli of italy in title defense .  serena williams and maria sharapova in same section of the dra .
