 world to obama : you ca n't ignore us <sec> president obama devoted nearly all his inaugural speech to domestic issues .  frida ghitis says there are world crises that will command obama 's attention .  she says turmoil in middle east , repression in russia , tension in asia are urgent issue .
 senior democrat conyers criticizes obama <sec> conyers says lack of a strong rival is the `` only thing that saves '' obama .  veteran congressman wants to `` make him a better president '' .  the michigan democrat is critical of u.s. foreign polic .
 4 years after katrina , nola mental health system still in crisis <sec> new orleans continues to face crisis of mental health needs , resources .  study : before storm , area had 487 inpatient psychiatric beds ; now,190 .  police officer 's slaying by mentally ill man renewed spotlight on city 's need .
 u.s. cities scrambling to meet rising mass transit demands <sec> statistics suggest americans are driving less and using mass transit more .  some transit systems labor to meet the new and rising demand .  they are hampered by high operating costs , spurred by high fuel prices .  ireport : show us your commut .
 china 's premier arrives in pakistan bearing gifts <sec> china will make a $ 30 billion investment in pakistan over five years .  prime minister wen jiabao met with his pakistani counterpart .  the trip comes after wen visited indi .
 fbi : navy yard shooter 'delusional ' <sec> citing its business ethics , hp drops aaron alexis ' employer , the experts .  the experts says it is disappointed , met all of its obligations .  fbi : aaron alexis acted alone and was n't targeting anyone in particular .  he used a sawed-off shotgun that was etched 'end to the torment .
 rain , then mudslides bury southern california homes <sec> firefighters rescue two people clinging to trees in los angeles river .  police investigate an apparent death in rushing waters of flood channel .  two killed by falling trees in oregon .  evacuation orders are issued for foothill communities near earlier burned area .
 starz ' 'spartacus ' to end next season <sec> the next season of starz ' historical drama `` spartacus '' will mark the show 's final outing .  `` this season is bigger than anything we 've attempted , '' creator steven s. deknight says .  the new season adds todd lasance as an ambitious young julius caesa .
 tanzania 's maasai fight government , game hunters for ancestral lands <sec> tanzanian leaders threaten to evict maasai community to create conservation corridor .  more than 60,000 tanzanian maasai live in the 4000 sq . .  km . .  that make up loliondo region .  maasai have been repeatedly evicted from their lands since colonial era .  maasai say they will refuse to be relocated this tim .
 climate project calls for citizen scientists <sec> scientists in uk and u.s. call for public help to run climate prediction simulations .  using home pcs helps scientists run thousands of climate models .  accurate climate predictions can inform climate protection projects on the groun .
 julian assange 's mother arrives in ecuador to plead son 's asylum case <sec> `` surely the president and his staff will make the best decision , '' she says .  julian assange has been holed up in the ecuadorian embassy in london since june 19 .  if he is sent to the u.s. , he `` could expect a sentence of death , '' she says .  ecuador says it will weigh the asylum request in its own tim .
 resisting diet demons ( and pie ) to get a six-pack <sec> ireporter jason dinant on a quest for six-pack abs has sweet tooth binge .  men 's health model and fitness expert said falling off wagon is ok if temporary .  dinant reports that so far , his abs are looking more like a four-pack .  he eats 16 egg whites , 1¼ pounds of meat , 4 cups of veggies , potatoes , rice a da .
 opinion : why are moms in america lagging ? <sec> carolyn miles : state of world 's mothers best in places like scandinavia , singapore .  she says u.s. is 30th in save the children 's annual index , below canada , belarus , poland .  factors causing rating : death in childbirth , infant mortality , lagging political power , she says .  miles : congress , create national commission on children to address poverty for moms , kid .
 man disrupts flight , screams about cia , poison , passengers say <sec> new : passenger says man stood up during flight and ranted about 'leaker ' and poison .  new : passengers and crew subdue man , put him in plastic handcuffs .  disruption occurred on united flight from hong kong to newark ; plane lands safely .  passenger taken to hospital for evaluation , fbi says ; no charges filed immediatel .
 cnn student news transcript : march 11 , 2011 <sec> hear how some congressional hearings caused controversy before they started .  find out how president obama addressed bullying at a white house conference .  consider the potential applications for a drone the size of a hummingbird .  use the weekly newsquiz to test your knowledge of stories you saw on cnn student new .
 american killed in uganda was dedicated to service <sec> childhood friend says nate henn planned a life of service .  henn was visiting his aunt and uncle who are missionaries .  henn advocated for the rights of children forced into fighting in uganda .  henn is the only confirmed american fatalit .
 opinion : upskirting ruling : gross but legal <sec> danny cevallos : people appalled by mass . .  `` upskirt '' ruling , but justices enforcing law as written .  he says victim was n't partially nude , was in non-private place ; law lets photog take picture .  he says opinion raises privacy and moral issues unique to female clothing , mainly skirts .  cevallos : do n't be angry with court ; be angry with legislators who enacted la .
 more than a dozen die in stampede at religious event in china <sec> 14 people die in a religious stampede in northwestern china ; 10 people are injured .  people were celebrating religious event , and an investigation has been starte .
 dutch protest iran 's execution of dutch-iranian woman <sec> the netherlands recalls its ambassador after iran hangs zahra bahrami .  it says her remains were treated `` disrespectfully '' .  iran says she was a drug smuggler .  human rights campaigners suggest the drug charges were only a pretext to hang he .
 should kim moves ring alarm bells ? <sec> russia says kim jong un has canceled trip to moscow .  frida ghitis : gauging kim 's state of mind no easy tas .
 packed suv flips , killing 5 children on way to texas water park <sec> a dozen people packed into a gmc envoy were on a family outing .  the driver lost control when the right rear tire exploded on interstate 20 , trooper says .  none of the children who died was wearing a seat belt , police say .  the driver , who was wearing his seat belt , was uninjure .
 olympic 'nopes ' beat out hope in chicago <sec> for about half of chicago 's dwellers , losing out on the olympics is welcome news .  olympic opponents prefer the city 's focus to be on schools and other needs .  about 250 anti-olympic protesters rallied outside chicago 's city hall this week .  rio de janeiro , brazil , wins bid , making it the first south american host cit .
 3 canadians aboard plane missing in antarctica <sec> three canadians were flying from the south pole to terra nova bay in antarctica .  the plane did not arrive , and the emergency locator activated , new zealand officials said .  bad weather is preventing search aircraft from heading to the area , officials sai .
 a year later , survivors recall asiana flight 214 crash <sec> `` we were all bouncing all over the place , '' one survivor says .  `` it was so shocking that we could miss the runway , '' another says .  just last month , u.s. officials cited pilot crew error .
 faa to crack down on people who target planes with lasers <sec> last year , there were more than 2,800 laser incidents , faa says .  `` shining a laser into the cockpit of an aircraft is not a joke , '' faa says .  the most incidents are reported at los angeles international airpor .
 judge grants delay for fort hood shootings suspect <sec> judge delays article 32 hearing for maj. nidal hasan until october .  hasan makes first courtroom appearance tuesday .  he is accused of killing 13 people in shooting spree at fort hood , texas , in november .  article 32 hearing is military equivalent to civilian grand jur .
 'scandal ' : what 's to come in season 3 <sec> the third season premiere of `` scandal '' was shocking .  stars katie lowes , guillermo díaz and darby stanchfield were surprised by some scenes .  the actors tease what 's to come in season .
 could better tech solve mystery of malaysia flight 370 ? <sec> modern tracking technology might have helped solve the mystery of malaysia airlines flight 370 .  a year after mh370 vanished , airline tracking is still largely the same .  most airliners use ground radar instead of satellites ; tracking over oceans is spotty , at bes .
 jackson fans pack harlem for apollo memorial <sec> fans line streets for blocks to pay tribute to michael jackson at apollo theater .  fans lay flowers , mementos at the foot of the stage , dance to jackson 's music .  jackson 5 won amateur night contest at apollo in 196 .
 romney suspends presidential campaign <sec> romney : `` i can not let my campaign be a part of aiding a surrender to terror '' .  gop hopeful won 286 delegates through the super tuesday contests .  primaries are a killing field , says cnn senior political analyst bill schneider .  john mccain locks in front-runner positio .
 teen arrested in wal-mart racial announcement incident <sec> boy , 16 , arrested on bias intimidation and harassment charges .  voice on wal-mart pa : `` all blacks need to leave the store '' .  wal-mart acting to limit public address feature .  new jersey store updating intercom system .
 new da vinci code wreaks web havoc <sec> theory says leonardo 's `` last supper '' might hide depiction of christ .  mounting interest in theory has crashed web sites connected to the picture .  new image is produced by superimposing mirror image over origina .
 role reversal : men model on ducati motorcycle <sec> photo set of men posing on a ducati motorcycle goes viral .  to some , the images are a welcome departure from the `` girl on bike '' trope .  images created partly in response to negative reaction to images of female model .
 late winner puts inter in cup semifinals <sec> inter milan reach the italian cup semifinals after defeating juventus 2-1 .  mario balotelli scores a late winner as inter recover from going a goal behind .  getafe through to the spanish cup semifinals despite losing 1-0 to mallorc .
 explainer : thailand 's political crisis <sec> thailand 's political crisis dates back to protests against thaksin shinawatra in 2006 .  thaksin was ousted by military coup but his allies remain in government .  anti-government pad wants lawmakers appointed rather than elected .  universally revered monarchy could play key role in resolving crisi .
 ferrari chief backs massa for 2011 <sec> ferrari boss plans to keep fernando alonso and felipe massa as the team 's drivers .  massa 's future was under scrutiny after the brazilian struggled on his return to racing .  president luca di montezemolo says no major changes are needed at italian marque .  he also backs team principal stefano domenicali as ferrari seek to improve in 201 .
 nadal , djokovic flop on doubles debut <sec> novak djokovic and rafael nadal lose to canadian wildcards on doubles debut .  it is first time in 34 years that top two players in men 's rankings have formed a pair .  nadal and djokovic will continue preparations for u.s. open at end of augus .
 missouri mosque destroyed in second fire in a month <sec> a previous fire on july 4 caused minor exterior damage .  that incident was ruled to be an arson and the fbi was investigating .  the cause of monday 's fire has not been determined .  `` this incident should not stop us from worshiping our god , '' mosque member say .
 asia stocks catch italy contagion <sec> asian stocks track wall street sell-off over european debt woes .  nikkei 225 index falls 2.1 % , hang seng plummets 4.1 percent , kospi dropps 2.6 % .  currency strategist : this is a crisis of confidence , not of fundamental .
 prison boss opposes release of ailing ex-manson follower <sec> decision puts case in parole board 's hands , spokeswoman says .  susan atkins is serving life sentence for role in manson family murders of late 1960s .  web site quotes atkins ' husband as saying she has terminal brain cance .
 yemen remains al qaeda 's ultimate breeding ground <sec> wikileaks releases documents on al qaeda detainees from yemen .  among the detainees are the `` dirty thirty , '' part of osama bin laden 's security detail .  documents describe several religious institutes in yemen as recruiters for al qaed .
 criminal cases opened over sinking of russian ship <sec> the criminal charges brought against four people over the sinking carry heavy penalties .  pm vladimir putin promises compensation for families of the dead and those injured .  president dmitry medvedev declares tuesday a national day of mourning .  the ship was overloaded and not licensed to carry passengers , prosecutors sa .
 fred thompson announces candidacy for president <sec> thompson tells jay leno he 's running for president .  official announcement comes in a webcast posted early thursday .  republican candidate dismisses suggestions he may be late entering the race .  thompson is an actor and a former senato .
 australia lead despite batting collapse <sec> australia hold a slender advantage in the second test in johannesburg .  they lead south africa by 30 runs after scoring 296 in their first innings .  the tourists lose all their wickets for 122 runs after an opening stand of 17 .
 for cancer patients , health act a lifeline <sec> john seffrin : court decision on health reform must be viewed in terms of impact on the sick .  he says millions with chronic diseases like cancer benefit from affordable care act .  he says if court rules against it , they will return to days of coverage denial , high costs .  seffrin : act keeps insurance companies honest , young people covered . .  it 's not about politic .
 sinead o'connor ends marriage after 16 days <sec> sinead o'connor announced on her website that she is ending her marriage .  she blames pressures placed upon herridge by `` certain people in his life '' .  `` i 'm sorry i 'm not a more regular woman , '' she write .
 n. korea seen as using bargaining chips <sec> nuclearization may not be primary goal , center for international policy official says .  n. korea may be using two detained u.s. journalists as bargaining chips , he adds .  north korea said last week it will try laura ling and euna lee .  expert : n. korea 's ending of six-party talks due to energy , aid deal not being honore .
 powerful storm still causing miserable conditions <sec> new : weather responsible for 10 deaths , authorities say .  new : some areas might see another foot of snow .  storm has left thousands of passengers stranded after flight cancellations .  it also triggered multicar pileups and other traffic nightmares across midwes .
 unemployment benefits expire for thousands <sec> bunning says democrats are the ones who continue to `` play political games '' .  extended unemployment benefits expire april 5 .  at least 212,000 out-of-work americans expected to be affected .  senate plans to take up measure extending benefits after its spring reces .
 cnn student news transcript - september 9 , 2011 <sec> the daily transcript is a written version of each day 's cnn student news program .  use this transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary .  use the weekly newsquiz to test your knowledge of stories you saw on cnn student new .
 explosives wash up on israeli beaches <sec> authorities dispose of two barrels filled with explosives ; no injuries reported .  islamic jihad among groups claiming responsibility for barrels in ashkelon , ashdod .  police close the beach , nearby areas to the publi .
 michelle keegan named world 's sexiest woman <sec> british actress takes fhm 's top spot in the list of 100 sexiest women in the world .  people 's most beautiful woman is nowhere on the lis .
 crippled ny subways spark infrastructure , climate questions <sec> an estimated 5.5 million people ride new york 's subway system each day .  new york shut down all 468 subway stations for the second time ever for superstorm sandy .  if it were laid out in a single line , the tracks would extend from manhattan to detroit , michigan .  scientists cite rising sea levels and climate change as contributors to dangerous floodin .
 obama 's top soccer team wins london olympic stadium backing <sec> soccer club west ham selected as preferred bidder for london 's olympic stadium .  premier league side beat off competition from third-tier team leyton orient .  reconstruction work on the arena expected to cost between $ 210-240 million .  u.s. president 's favorite english team will contribute $ 24 millio .
 sina weibo introduces premium membership fees <sec> sina weibo , china 's most popular microblogging platform , has introduced a vip paid membership package .  weibo 's vip membership includes fifteen special features for a monthly price of 10 rmb ( us $ 1.57 ) .  the move is intended to monetize weibo , as sina corporation posted a q1 2012 loss of us $ 13.7 millio .
 should hunters switch to 'green ' bullets ? <sec> green bullets are those that do n't contain lead , a toxic metal .  last year , california banned lead bullets in the area where an endangered bird lives .  copper bullets are the main alternative to lead .  hunting and gun groups oppose bans on lead bullets , saying they pose no risk .
 cavendish sprayed with urine by angry fans <sec> mark cavendish has urine thrown at him during 11th stage of the tour de france .  incident comes day after collision with tom veelers .  chris froome retains yellow jersey and extends lead to three minutes 25 seconds .  germany 's tony martin won the 33 kilometer time tria .
 walter payton : human being <sec> jeff pearlman says he took a lot of heat for the revelations in his walter payton biography .  he does n't get it : why are people angry , afraid when they learn the truth about their heroes .  he says walter payton was complex man of dualities ; suffered hardships in early life .  pearlman : after retiring , payton adrift but remained open to fans ; spoke out for organ donatio .
 official : army suspends 55 sex assault counselors , recruiters <sec> the 55 soldiers were identified in pentagon review of records .  the soldiers have been relieved from their duties as sex assault counselors and recruiters .  there has been no official disposition in most of the 55 cases , an official says .  the records review is expected to be completed by october .
 extreme heat settles over portions of east coast <sec> weather service : triple-digit temperatures to remain across the eastern u.s . .  weather expected to cool off slightly beginning sunday , forecasters say .  about 100 concert-goers overcome by heat at vans warped tour .  one says she got `` overheated and i got really dizzy .
 3-d printing : the shape of things to come <sec> advances in 3-d printing could transform manufacturing in the 21st century .  manufacturing objects layer by layer is more precise and saves waste .  u.s. researcher hopes to print a fully working robot in next few years .  aviation company eads hoping to build wings and possibly whole planes using 3-d printing by 205 .
 how facebook 's graph search could disrupt online dating <sec> it was so striking to see facebook tease a feature clearly intended for dating during the company 's big press event on tuesday .  facebook 's new graph search will let people search , say , for young single people in their city .  author : `` facebook just announced that they are moving in on the essence of online dating '' .  facebook could become a social venue where casual users occasionally browse for date .
 talking peace with a backdrop of war <sec> north korea calls the armistice celebration 'victory day ' .  parade features references to `` u.s. aggressors '' and a crumpled u.s. flag .  military hardware on display will be scrutinized worldwide for signs of advancemen .
 oklahoma county must pay up in ten commandments case <sec> the courts ordered the haskell county commission to remove the monument in 2009 .  the u.s. supreme court refused to hear the case in march .  the county government has 10 years to pay $ 199,000 in attorneys ' fee .
